Methanol Synthesis Flowsheet Example
====================================

The purpose of this notebook is to demonstrate flowsheet synthesis
integrating IDAES modeling tools, including the Unit Model Library,
Property and Reaction Framework, IDAES scaling tools and the Process
Costing Framework. The example leverages imports from external flowsheet
scripts, and demonstrates implementation of separate VLE and vapor-only
property packages to reduce model complexity where applicable.

Simplified Hydrogen Reformation System
--------------------------------------

This example demonstrates a steady-state model of methanol synthesis
from hydrogen and carbon monoxide. To simulate relevant natural gas
components, the reactant vapors are mixed stoichiometrically and brought
to optimal reaction conditions prior to entering the gas-phase reactor.
Vapor liquid equilibrium is mainly applicable in the post-reactor Flash
unit for methanol recovery, and is accounted for by separate vapor and
VLE thermophysical property packages. See ``methanol_flowsheet.py`` for
more information on how to assemble the flowsheet, as well as
`idaes_examples.common.methanol.methanol_ideal_VLE.py <https://github.com/IDAES/examples-pse/tree/main/pkg/idaes_examples/common/methanol/methanol_ideal_VLE.py>`__,
`idaes_examples.common.methanol.methanol_ideal_vapor <https://github.com/IDAES/examples-pse/tree/main/pkg/idaes_examples/common/methanol/methanol_ideal_vapor.py>`__
and
`idaes_examples.common.methanol.methanol_reactions <https://github.com/IDAES/examples-pse/tree/main/pkg/idaes_examples/common/methanol/methanol_reactions.py>`__
for more information on the thermophyscial and reaction properties.

This example is a reasonable approximation for gas-phase methanol
synthesis systems and does not represent any particular chemical
process. To simplify the system and increase tractability, hydrogen and
carbon monoxide feeds are considered in lieu of multi-step mechanisms
for carbon dioxide conversion to methanol. General process descriptions
for gas-phase synthesis, as well as thermophysical and reaction
properties for carbon monoxide hydrogenation, were taken from the
following publication:

Nieminen, H.; Laari, A.; Koiranen, T. CO2 Hydrogenation to Methanol by a
Liquid-Phase Process with Alcoholic Solvents: A Techno-Economic
Analysis. Processes 2019, 7, 405. https://doi.org/10.3390/pr7070405

1. Introduction
---------------

This example demonstrates a simulation of methanol synthesis from
hydrogen and carbon monoxide. Each methanol flowsheet module includes
several built-in methods. This notebook demonstrates building the
flowsheet, implementing model scaling, initialization and solving a
square problem, costing and final constrainted optimization.

The ``build_model()`` method creates the Pyomo concrete model and builds
the flowsheet by importing thermophysical and reaction properties and
unit models and defining stream connections between these units. This
method also implements appropriate default scaling on state and property
variables.

The ``set_inputs()`` method adds the appropriate initial specifications
on the feed streams and unit operations. Specifications upstream of the
reactor largely remain fixed throughout the optimization.

The ``scale_flowsheet()`` method implements generic variable, unit model
state variable, unit model constraint and Arc equality constraint
scaling via IDAES scaling tools. Scaling factors are hard-coded in the
flowsheet scripts to adjust for order of magnitude factors in
appropriate constraints and simplify numerical solver calculations.

The ``initialize_flowsheet()`` method uses the initial guess to
initialize the models sequentially, solving each unit and propagating
the results to the outlet stream to converge the next unit more quickly.
This occurs just before the flowsheet-level solver call.

The ``add_costing()`` method creates new variables and constraints
related to unit model capital cost and operating cost calculations, and
defines an objective function for the process economics. This method is
called after the flowsheet-level solver call, and the flowsheet is
resolved once costing is added. Capital costs are estimated using
built-in costing methods within IDAES, and operating costs are estimated
from a combination of known cost coefficients and surrogate models.

The ``report()`` method displays relevant model results after the
flowsheet has been fully solved.

2. Problem Statement
====================

For given raw material flows and optimal reactor conditions, we will
calculate the extent of reaction, relevant process results including
reactor duty and turbine duty, methanol recovery, and relevant economic
results including annual revenue.

2.1. Main Inputs:
-----------------

-  Raw material inlets (F - mol/s, P - Pa, h - j/mol, x - mole fraction)
-  Pre-reactor compressor outlet pressure (Pa)
-  Pre-reactor heater outlet temperature (K)

2.2. Main Outputs:
------------------

-  Extent of reaction (mol/s)
-  Reactor duty (W)
-  Turbine duty (W)
-  Methanol recovery (%)
-  Annual revenue (USD/year)

.. code:: ipython3

    from IPython.display import Image
    Image("methanol_flowsheet.png")




.. image:: output_3_0.png



3. Import and Solve Flowsheet
=============================

3.1 Import Pyomo and IDAES Libraries
------------------------------------

First, let’s import the relevant Pyomo and IDAES Libraries:

.. code:: ipython3

    import pytest
    import os
    
    # Import Pyomo libraries
    from pyomo.environ import (Constraint,
                               Objective,
                               Var,
                               Expression,
                               Param,
                               ConcreteModel,
                               TransformationFactory,
                               value,
                               maximize,
                               units as pyunits)
    from pyomo.environ import TerminationCondition
    from pyomo.network import Arc
    
    # Import IDAES core libraries
    from idaes.core import FlowsheetBlock
    from idaes.core.solvers import get_solver
    from idaes.core.util import scaling as iscale
    from idaes.core.util.model_statistics import degrees_of_freedom
    from idaes.core.util.initialization import propagate_state
    
    # Import required property modules
    from idaes.models.properties.modular_properties.base.generic_property import \
        GenericParameterBlock
    from idaes.models.properties.modular_properties.base.generic_reaction import \
        GenericReactionParameterBlock
    
    from idaes_examples.common.methanol import methanol_ideal_VLE as thermo_props_VLE
    from idaes_examples.common.methanol import methanol_ideal_vapor as thermo_props_vapor
    from idaes_examples.common.methanol import methanol_reactions as reaction_props
    
    from idaes.models.unit_models import (
        Feed,
        Mixer,
        Heater,
        Compressor,
        Turbine,
        StoichiometricReactor,
        Flash,
        Product)
    from idaes.models.unit_models.mixer import MomentumMixingType
    from idaes.models.unit_models.pressure_changer import ThermodynamicAssumption
    from idaes.core import UnitModelCostingBlock
    from idaes.models.costing.SSLW import SSLWCosting
    
    # import flowsheet functions
    from methanol_flowsheet import (
        build_model, set_inputs, scale_flowsheet, initialize_flowsheet,
        add_costing, report)

3.2 Build and Solve Flowsheet
-----------------------------

The methanol flowsheet methods are called sequentially below, following
the workflow contained in the ``main()`` method in
``methanol_flowsheet.py``. First, let’s set the solver options. IDAES
contains a default solver ``get_solver`` which calls IPOPT using
standard settings, and we set an iteration cap of 100 to catch
nonconverging solver runs.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Set solver options
    solver = get_solver()  # IPOPT
    optarg = {'tol': 1e-6,
              'max_iter': 100}
    solver.options = optarg

Next, we will build and solve the initial flowsheet using imported
flowsheet methods - see ``methanol_flowsheet.py`` for complete method
scripts.

In the code below, we first define a Pyomo model object and build the
model by defining each unit block with relevant property packages. As
mentioned earlier, only the Flash unit (and the liquid outlet Product
block) employ the VLE property package to ensure fast convergence of
vapor-only processes.

The process inputs are set for stoichiometric hydrogen and carbon
monoxide feeds according to the process diagram in section 2.2. In the
output below, the script returns the expected degrees of freedom for the
model for each unit (compressor pressure change, heater duty, reactor
duty and conversion, turbine pressure change and efficiency, cooler duty
and flash duty and pressure change) and the actual model degrees of
freedom before input specification, after the feed inputs are specified
(flow, enthalpy, pressure, and composition for each feed) and after the
unit model inputs are specified.

After setting process inputs, we have a square problem for
initialization. Here, we first implement IDAES scaling tools to create a
more tractable problem during the solve step, and then sequentially
initialize and propagate results from each unit block. As expected, the
model only performs dew and bubble point calculations for the Flash and
CH3OH product blocks where liquid phases are present and we obtain a
square, solved problem:

.. code:: ipython3

    # Build and solve flowsheet
    m = ConcreteModel()
    build_model(m)  # build flowsheet by adding unit models and property packages
    set_inputs(m)  # unit and stream specifications
    scale_flowsheet(m)  # flowsheet and unit model level scaling
    initialize_flowsheet(m)  # rigorous initialization scheme
    
    print('DOF before solve: ', degrees_of_freedom(m))
    print()
    print('Solving initial problem...')
    
    results = solver.solve(m, tee=True)  # initial square problem solve


.. parsed-literal::

    Unit degrees of freedom
    M101 0
    C101 1
    H101 1
    R101 2
    T101 2
    H102 1
    F101 2
    Total DOF:  23
    DOF after streams specified:  9
    DOF after units specified:  0
    
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H2.properties: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H2.properties: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H2.properties: Property package initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H2: Initialization Complete.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CO.properties: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CO.properties: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CO.properties: Property package initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CO: Initialization Complete.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.M101.H2_WGS_state: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.M101.H2_WGS_state: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.M101.CO_WGS_state: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.M101.CO_WGS_state: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.M101.mixed_state: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.M101.mixed_state: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.M101.mixed_state: Property package initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.M101: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.C101.control_volume.properties_in: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.C101.control_volume.properties_in: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.C101.control_volume.properties_out: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.C101.control_volume.properties_out: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.C101.control_volume: Initialization Complete
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.C101: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H101.control_volume.properties_in: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H101.control_volume.properties_in: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H101.control_volume.properties_out: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H101.control_volume.properties_out: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H101.control_volume: Initialization Complete
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H101: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.R101.control_volume.properties_in: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.R101.control_volume.properties_in: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.R101.control_volume.reactions: Initialization Complete.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.R101.control_volume: Initialization Complete
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.R101: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.T101.control_volume.properties_in: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.T101.control_volume.properties_in: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.T101.control_volume.properties_out: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.T101.control_volume.properties_out: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.T101.control_volume.properties_out: Property package initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.T101.properties_isentropic: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.T101.properties_isentropic: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.T101.properties_isentropic: Property package initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.T101: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H102.control_volume.properties_in: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H102.control_volume.properties_in: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:04 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H102.control_volume: Initialization Complete
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.H102: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in: Dew and bubble point initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in: Equilibrium temperature initialization completed.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in: Phase equilibrium initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out: Dew and bubble point initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out: Equilibrium temperature initialization completed.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out: Phase equilibrium initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101.control_volume: Initialization Complete
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.F101: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.EXHAUST.properties: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.EXHAUST.properties: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.EXHAUST.properties: Property package initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.EXHAUST: Initialization Complete.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CH3OH.properties: Starting initialization
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CH3OH.properties: Dew and bubble point initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CH3OH.properties: Equilibrium temperature initialization completed.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CH3OH.properties: Phase equilibrium initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CH3OH.properties: Property initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CH3OH.properties: Property package initialization: optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2023-03-04 00:49:05 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.CH3OH: Initialization Complete.
    DOF before solve:  0
    
    Solving initial problem...
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.CH3OH.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.EXHAUST.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.F101.split.scaling_factor' that
        contains 24 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.
        Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.F101.control_volume.scaling_factor'
        that contains 1 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.properties_isentropic[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.T101.control_volume.scaling_factor'
        that contains 1 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.reactions[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 1
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.CO_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.H2_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.CO.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.H2.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 11 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.H2.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CO.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 23 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.H2.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CO.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      955
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      607
    
    Total number of variables............................:      310
                         variables with only lower bounds:       35
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:      255
                         variables with only upper bounds:        1
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      310
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.79e+04 1.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.79e+02 2.77e+00  -1.0 1.00e-02    -  9.90e-01 9.90e-01h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 2.77e+00 1.21e+00  -1.0 1.00e-04    -  9.90e-01 9.90e-01h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 3.68e-08 1.00e+03  -1.0 1.76e-06    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 3
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2293436154280945e-12    3.6787241697311401e-08
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2293436154280945e-12    3.6787241697311401e-08
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 4
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 4
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 4
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 4
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 3
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.005
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.


3.3 Flowsheet Costing and Optimization
--------------------------------------

Now that we have a well-initialized and solved flowsheet, we can add
process economics and optimize the revenue. We utilize IDAES costing
tools to calculate reactor and flash vessel capital cost, and implement
surrogate models to account for heat exchanger capital costs.
Additional, we calculate reactor operating costs as a function of
conversion and assume constant rates for electricity, heating and
cooling costs. Capital costs are annualized over 15 years, and revenue
is determined from total liquid methanol sales, operating costs,
annualized capital costs and feed raw material costs. The flowsheet
report method returns key process results, including a check on the
reaction stoichiometry, relevant duty and state variable values,
economic results, and stream tables for feed and product streams:

.. code:: ipython3

    add_costing(m)  # re-solve with costing equations
    print()
    print('Solving with costing...')
    results2 = solver.solve(m, tee=True)
    
    print('Initial solution process results:')
    report(m)  # display initial solution results


.. parsed-literal::

    
    Solving with costing...
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.CH3OH.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.EXHAUST.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.F101.split.scaling_factor' that
        contains 24 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.
        Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.F101.control_volume.scaling_factor'
        that contains 1 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.properties_isentropic[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.T101.control_volume.scaling_factor'
        that contains 1 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.reactions[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 1
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.CO_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.H2_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.CO.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.H2.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 11 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.H2.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CO.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 23 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.H2.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CO.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      971
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      611
    
    Total number of variables............................:      319
                         variables with only lower bounds:       43
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:      255
                         variables with only upper bounds:        1
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      319
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0 -2.8492051e+07 9.10e+04 1.00e+02  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1 -2.9068962e+07 5.76e+04 6.45e+01  -1.0 1.20e+05    -  5.03e-02 9.90e-01h  1
       2 -2.9074767e+07 5.71e+02 9.98e+00  -1.0 5.72e+04    -  9.81e-01 9.90e-01h  1
       3 -2.9074825e+07 5.22e-05 1.00e+03  -1.0 5.67e+02    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4 -2.9074825e+07 1.86e-09 9.90e+04  -1.0 5.22e-05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 4
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:  -4.4948186430824144e+01   -2.9074824816033211e+07
    Dual infeasibility......:   8.3561161967102299e-07    5.4051705720246346e-01
    Constraint violation....:   4.5474735088646412e-12    1.8626451492309570e-09
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.5474735088646412e-12    5.4051705720246346e-01
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 5
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 5
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 5
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 5
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 4
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.006
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    Initial solution process results:
    
    
    Extent of reaction:  237.60047790000002
    Stoichiometry of each component normalized by the extent:
    CH4 :  0.0
    H2 :  -2.0
    CH3OH :  1.0
    CO :  -1.0
    These coefficients should follow 1*CO + 2*H2 => 1*CH3OH
    
    Reaction conversion:  0.75
    Reactor duty (MW):  -45.21917830318435
    Duty from Reaction (MW)): 21.536107316856
    Turbine work (MW):  -0.9593346445867593
    Mixer outlet temperature (C)):  20.051714213753257
    Compressor outlet temperature (C)):  20.051714213753314
    Compressor outlet pressure (Pa)):  5100000.0
    Heater outlet temperature (C)):  215.0
    Reactor outlet temperature (C)):  234.0
    Turbine outlet temperature (C)):  192.87815244243234
    Turbine outlet pressure (Pa)):  3100000.0
    Cooler outlet temperature (C)):  134.0
    Flash outlet temperature (C)):  134.0
    Methanol recovery(%):  60.004430129216814
    annualized capital cost ($/year) = 219790.50447043404
    operating cost ($/year) =  380701687.4964808
    sales ($/year) =  64685201172.19813
    raw materials cost ($/year) = 35229454878.16397
    revenue (1000$/year)=  29074824.816033203
    
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.H2                                                               Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units        Outlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second     637.20
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless     1.0000
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole    -142.40
        Pressure                          pascal 3.0000e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.CO                                                               Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units         Outlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second      316.80
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless      1.0000
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole -1.1068e+05
        Pressure                          pascal  3.0000e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.EXHAUST                                                          Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units         Inlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second     336.23
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless 2.8373e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless    0.23555
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless    0.48181
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless    0.28263
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole    -80218.
        Pressure                          pascal 3.1000e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.CH3OH                                                            Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units          Inlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second      142.57
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless      1.0000
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole -2.3813e+05
        Pressure                          pascal  3.1000e+06
    ====================================================================================


Finally, let’s unfix some specifications and determine an optimal
revenue. We set bounds on our decision variables to constrain our
objective to physical and economically sensible solutions. The
pre-reactor section mixes the feeds and brings the reactants to optimal
temperature and pressure, and we only unfix downstream unit
specifications:

.. code:: ipython3

    # Set up Optimization Problem (Maximize Revenue)
    # keep process pre-reaction fixed and unfix some post-process specs
    m.fs.R101.conversion.unfix()
    m.fs.R101.conversion_lb = Constraint(expr=m.fs.R101.conversion >= 0.75)
    m.fs.R101.conversion_ub = Constraint(expr=m.fs.R101.conversion <= 0.85)
    m.fs.R101.outlet_temp.deactivate()
    m.fs.R101.outlet_t_lb = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].temperature
        >= 405*pyunits.K)
    m.fs.R101.outlet_t_ub = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].temperature
        <= 505*pyunits.K)
    
    # Optimize turbine work (or delta P)
    m.fs.T101.deltaP.unfix()  # optimize turbine work recovery/pressure drop
    m.fs.T101.outlet_p_lb = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.T101.outlet.pressure[0] >= 10E5*pyunits.Pa)
    m.fs.T101.outlet_p_ub = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.T101.outlet.pressure[0] <= 51E5*0.8*pyunits.Pa)
    
    # Optimize Cooler outlet temperature - unfix cooler outlet temperature
    m.fs.H102.outlet_temp.deactivate()
    m.fs.H102.outlet_t_lb = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].temperature
        >= 407.15*0.8*pyunits.K)
    m.fs.H102.outlet_t_ub = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].temperature
        <= 480*pyunits.K)
    
    m.fs.F101.deltaP.unfix()  # allow pressure change in streams
    
    m.fs.F101.isothermal = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out[0].temperature ==
        m.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in[0].temperature)
    
    print()
    print('Solving optimization problem...')
    opt_res = solver.solve(m, tee=True)
    
    print('Optimal solution process results:')
    report(m)


.. parsed-literal::

    
    Solving optimization problem...
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.CH3OH.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.EXHAUST.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.F101.split.scaling_factor' that
        contains 24 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.
        Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.properties_isentropic[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.reactions[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 1
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.CO_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.H2_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.CO.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.H2.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 11 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.H2.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CO.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 23 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.H2.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CO.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      975
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        8
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      613
    
    Total number of variables............................:      322
                         variables with only lower bounds:       43
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:      256
                         variables with only upper bounds:        1
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      318
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        8
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        4
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        4
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0 -2.8492012e+07 2.79e+04 1.00e+02  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1 -2.8402805e+07 2.72e+04 9.71e+01  -1.0 8.82e+06    -  4.99e-02 2.59e-02h  1
       2 -2.8406590e+07 2.70e+04 9.56e+01  -1.0 8.57e+06    -  7.51e-02 8.58e-03h  1
       3 -2.8493710e+07 2.29e+04 3.69e+02  -1.0 8.41e+06    -  1.67e-01 1.52e-01h  1
       4 -2.8493256e+07 2.28e+04 1.20e+04  -1.0 4.60e+06    -  1.00e-01 2.61e-03h  1
       5 -2.8504482e+07 2.24e+04 1.20e+04  -1.0 4.52e+06    -  2.44e-02 2.38e-02h  1
       6 -2.8536507e+07 2.16e+04 2.28e+04  -1.0 4.39e+06    -  5.48e-02 6.86e-02h  1
       7 -2.8537588e+07 2.16e+04 1.35e+05  -1.0 3.94e+06    -  2.56e-01 2.49e-03h  1
       8 -2.8537637e+07 2.15e+04 6.77e+06  -1.0 1.30e+06    -  4.69e-01 1.17e-04h  1
       9 -2.8910081e+07 8.51e+04 2.07e+06  -1.0 1.31e+06    -  4.38e-01 9.05e-01h  1
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
      10 -2.8914184e+07 7.59e+04 7.45e+06  -1.0 9.51e+04    -  9.00e-01 1.08e-01h  1
      11 -2.8947637e+07 1.17e+03 1.82e+05  -1.0 8.76e+04    -  9.09e-01 9.90e-01h  1
      12 -2.8897906e+07 2.27e+01 4.44e+06  -1.0 6.65e+03    -  9.89e-01 9.92e-01h  1
      13 -3.9607639e+07 3.82e+04 7.42e+07  -1.0 5.09e+06    -  8.24e-02 1.77e-01f  3
      14 -5.3973065e+07 7.32e+04 5.80e+07  -1.0 1.89e+06    -  6.48e-01 1.00e+00F  1
      15 -5.8002084e+07 1.39e+05 2.82e+06  -1.0 1.54e+06    -  6.75e-01 1.00e+00f  1
      16 -5.8861909e+07 1.30e+05 2.75e+06  -1.0 3.00e+06    -  2.44e-02 7.50e-02f  1
      17 -6.8252381e+07 1.25e+05 2.72e+06  -1.0 6.30e+07    -  8.98e-03 4.63e-02f  2
      18 -6.7691432e+07 5.47e+02 2.17e+06  -1.0 1.32e+04  -4.0 2.04e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      19 -6.7689998e+07 4.76e-01 2.15e+04  -1.0 1.89e+02  -4.5 9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
      20 -6.7690000e+07 1.68e-08 2.33e+01  -1.0 2.45e-01  -5.0 9.99e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      21 -7.7035618e+07 3.05e+04 5.41e+04  -3.8 4.62e+08    -  6.81e-03 6.33e-03f  1
      22 -7.7132115e+07 3.01e+04 6.44e+06  -3.8 3.55e+06    -  6.66e-01 1.74e-02h  1
      23 -7.7647090e+07 3.09e+04 8.42e+06  -3.8 3.42e+06    -  8.94e-01 1.00e-01h  1
      24 -7.7699683e+07 8.17e+01 3.90e+03  -3.8 2.07e+04    -  9.89e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      25 -7.7699749e+07 7.87e+01 3.80e+03  -3.8 5.54e+07    -  2.54e-02 8.20e-04h  2
      26 -7.7699755e+07 3.08e+00 3.03e-01  -3.8 2.79e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00H  1
      27 -7.7700174e+07 1.09e+02 5.94e-03  -3.8 3.03e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
      28 -7.7700167e+07 3.00e-02 4.25e-06  -3.8 1.14e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
      29 -7.7700500e+07 3.89e+00 3.43e+02  -5.7 9.59e+04    -  9.77e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
      30 -7.7700531e+07 4.15e-01 1.39e-03  -5.7 2.29e+04    -  1.00e+00 9.07e-01h  1
      31 -7.7700531e+07 4.98e-04 3.89e-08  -5.7 9.80e+02    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00f  1
      32 -7.7700536e+07 9.48e-04 2.13e-01  -8.6 1.62e+03    -  1.00e+00 9.99e-01h  1
      33 -7.7700536e+07 5.01e-09 1.08e-10  -8.6 1.88e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00f  1
      34 -7.7700536e+07 8.38e-09 6.97e-11 -10.9 2.16e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 34
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:  -1.2012103932708919e+02   -7.7700535938862875e+07
    Dual infeasibility......:   6.9703904435575171e-11    4.5088110809028537e-05
    Constraint violation....:   8.7311491370201111e-11    8.3819031715393066e-09
    Complementarity.........:   1.4074777602064815e-11    9.1042982064351105e-06
    Overall NLP error.......:   8.7311491370201111e-11    4.5088110809028537e-05
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 47
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 35
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 47
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 47
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 35
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 35
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 34
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.043
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.006
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    Optimal solution process results:
    
    
    Extent of reaction:  269.280544787992
    Stoichiometry of each component normalized by the extent:
    CH4 :  -0.0
    H2 :  -2.0
    CH3OH :  1.0
    CO :  -1.0
    These coefficients should follow 1*CO + 2*H2 => 1*CH3OH
    
    Reaction conversion:  0.8500000099999546
    Reactor duty (MW):  -51.363573577545786
    Duty from Reaction (MW)): 24.407588579583596
    Turbine work (MW):  -1.9904899177794766
    Mixer outlet temperature (C)):  20.0517142137536
    Compressor outlet temperature (C)):  20.051714213753428
    Compressor outlet pressure (Pa)):  5100000.0
    Heater outlet temperature (C)):  215.0
    Reactor outlet temperature (C)):  231.85000468716584
    Turbine outlet temperature (C)):  139.85888172675635
    Turbine outlet pressure (Pa)):  1427653.3547820912
    Cooler outlet temperature (C)):  52.56999709299214
    Flash outlet temperature (C)):  134.0
    Methanol recovery(%):  92.80355474657543
    annualized capital cost ($/year) = 235547.18924473223
    operating cost ($/year) =  451663512.6847628
    sales ($/year) =  113381889876.90083
    raw materials cost ($/year) = 35229454878.16397
    revenue (1000$/year)=  77700535.93886286
    
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.H2                                                               Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units        Outlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second     637.20
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless     1.0000
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole    -142.40
        Pressure                          pascal 3.0000e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.CO                                                               Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units         Outlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second      316.80
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless      1.0000
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole -1.1068e+05
        Pressure                          pascal  3.0000e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.EXHAUST                                                          Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units         Inlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second     165.54
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless 5.7630e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless    0.28706
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless    0.59587
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless    0.11706
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole    -52313.
        Pressure                          pascal 7.4845e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.CH3OH                                                            Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units          Inlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second      249.90
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless      1.0000
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole -2.3792e+05
        Pressure                          pascal  7.4845e+06
    ====================================================================================


As expected, the process achieves a much greater revenue as a result of
increasing conversion and lowering the inlet temperature to the Flash
unit to encourage methanol recovery in the liquid phase. The results
show a slight increase in equipment and operating costs from these
changes, as well as a small loss of methanol in the exhuast.

4. Problem Statement - Analyzing Benefit of Recycling Flash Vapor
=================================================================

To increase the efficiency of the process as well as overall methanol
production and revenue, we can add a recycle stream to send most of the
Flash vapor back to the start of the process. This will reduce methanol
loss in the exhaust and increase feed utilization, resulting in
increased operating costs and increased production (revenue) at the same
conversion. Note that for conversions less than 100%, a simulation with
no purge will never converge due to accumulation of gases within the
system. Therefore, to ensure we close the mass balance we set a lower
bound at 10% purge from the Flash vapor to the exhaust. We expect to see
a marginal increase in operating costs due to increased flow, and a much
larger increase in overall production resulting in a higher total
revenue.

By adding a recycle to the flowsheet, we significantly decrease the
tractability of the problem and require a better initial guess. The
SequentialDecomposition algorithm automatically determines a stream to
*tear*, or use to break the solve loop, and iterates from a set of
user-supplied initial guesses until converging on the optimal solution.
The code below calls an initialization method to automatically determine
the tear stream. See the initialization method of
``methanol_flowsheet_w_recycle.py`` for further details Sequential
Decomposition scheme.

For given raw material flows and optimal reactor conditions, we will
calculate the extent of reaction, relevant process results including
reactor duty and turbine duty, methanol recovery, and relevant economic
results including annual revenue.

4.1. Main Inputs:
-----------------

-  Raw material inlets (F - mol/s, P - Pa, h - j/mol, x - mole fraction)
-  Pre-reactor compressor outlet pressure (Pa)
-  Pre-reactor heater outlet temperature (K)

4.2. Main Outputs:
------------------

-  Extent of reaction (mol/s)
-  Reactor duty (W)
-  Compressor duty (W)
-  Turbine duty (W)
-  Methanol recovery (%)
-  Purge percentage (%)
-  Annual revenue (USD/year)

.. code:: ipython3

    from IPython.display import Image
    Image("methanol_flowsheet_recycle.png")




.. image:: output_17_0.png



5. Import and Solve Recycle Flowsheet
=====================================

5.1 Import Pyomo and IDAES Libraries
------------------------------------

As we are rebuilding the model, we need to import require Pyomo and
IDAES libraries:

.. code:: ipython3

    import pytest
    import os
    # Import Pyomo libraries
    from pyomo.environ import (Constraint,
                               Objective,
                               Var,
                               Expression,
                               Param,
                               ConcreteModel,
                               TransformationFactory,
                               value,
                               maximize,
                               units as pyunits)
    from pyomo.environ import TerminationCondition
    from pyomo.network import Arc, SequentialDecomposition
    
    # Import IDAES core libraries
    from idaes.core import FlowsheetBlock
    from idaes.core.solvers import get_solver
    from idaes.core.util import scaling as iscale
    from idaes.core.util.model_statistics import degrees_of_freedom
    from idaes.core.util.initialization import propagate_state
    
    # Import required models
    
    from idaes.models.properties.modular_properties.base.generic_property import \
        GenericParameterBlock
    from idaes.models.properties.modular_properties.base.generic_reaction import \
        GenericReactionParameterBlock
    
    from idaes_examples.common.methanol import methanol_ideal_VLE as thermo_props_VLE
    from idaes_examples.common.methanol import methanol_ideal_vapor as thermo_props_vapor
    from idaes_examples.common.methanol import methanol_reactions as reaction_props
    
    from idaes.models.unit_models import (
        Feed,
        Mixer,
        Heater,
        Compressor,
        Turbine,
        StoichiometricReactor,
        Flash,
        Separator as Splitter,
        Product)
    from idaes.models.unit_models.mixer import MomentumMixingType
    from idaes.models.unit_models.pressure_changer import ThermodynamicAssumption
    from idaes.core import UnitModelCostingBlock
    from idaes.models.costing.SSLW import SSLWCosting
    import idaes.logger as idaeslog
    
    # import flowsheet functions
    from methanol_flowsheet_w_recycle  import (
        build_model, set_inputs, scale_flowsheet, initialize_flowsheet,
        add_costing, report)

5.2 Build and Solve Recycle Flowsheet
-------------------------------------

As before, we will first build the flowsheet, set required inputs,
initialize and solve a square problem. Recycling methanol to pre-reactor
blocks complicates VLE calculations, and limiting VLE calculations to
the Flash unit and liquid Product block greatly increases tractability
during initialization. All initial feed and unit specifications are
identical to the non-recycle case; the Sequential Decomposition
algorithm automatically selects the compressor feed as the tear stream
and uses “no recycle” results as a first guess. In the output below, the
solver solves all units and then resolves select blocks with updated
inlet results, followed by a full flowsheet solve:

.. code:: ipython3

    # Build and solve flowsheet
    solver = get_solver()  # IPOPT
    optarg = {'tol': 1e-6,
              'max_iter': 100}
    solver.options = optarg
    
    m = ConcreteModel()  # create a new model so we may reference 'm' below
    build_model(m)  # build flowsheet
    set_inputs(m)  # unit and stream specifications
    scale_flowsheet(m)  # flowsheet and unit model level scaling
    
    # let the solver determine the tear stream
    initialize_flowsheet(m)  # rigorous initialization scheme
    
    print('DOF before solve: ', degrees_of_freedom(m))
    print()
    print('Solving initial problem...')
    results = solver.solve(m, tee=True)


.. parsed-literal::

    Unit degrees of freedom
    M101 0
    C101 1
    H101 1
    R101 2
    T101 2
    H102 1
    F101 2
    M102 0
    S101 1
    Total DOF:  24
    DOF after streams specified:  10
    DOF after units specified:  0
    
    Tear Stream:
    fs.s02 :  fs.M102.outlet  to  fs.C101.inlet
    
    Calculation order:
    fs.H2
    fs.M101
    fs.R101
    fs.T101
    fs.H102
    fs.F101
    fs.S101
    fs.EXHAUST
    
    Initial DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.H2
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.CO
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.C101
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.M101
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.H101
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.R101
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.T101
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.H102
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.F101
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.S101
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.CH3OH
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.EXHAUST
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.M102
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.H2
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.CO
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.M101
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.EXHAUST
    DOF =  0
    Solving  fs.CH3OH
    DOF =  0
    Final DOF =  0
    DOF before solve:  0
    
    Solving initial problem...
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.CH3OH.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.EXHAUST.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.S101.recycle_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.S101.purge_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.S101.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.F101.split.scaling_factor' that
        contains 24 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.
        Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.F101.control_volume.scaling_factor'
        that contains 1 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.properties_isentropic[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.T101.control_volume.scaling_factor'
        that contains 1 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.reactions[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 1
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M102.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M102.recycle_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.M102.feed_state[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 6 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.CO_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.H2_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.CO.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.H2.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 11 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.H2.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CO.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 23 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.H2.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CO.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:     1211
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      768
    
    Total number of variables............................:      397
                         variables with only lower bounds:       41
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:      333
                         variables with only upper bounds:        1
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      397
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.79e+04 1.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.79e+02 4.22e+03  -1.0 1.96e+03    -  9.90e-01 9.90e-01h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 2.77e+00 3.86e+03  -1.0 2.03e+01    -  9.90e-01 9.90e-01h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 7.44e-06 1.01e+03  -1.0 2.01e-01    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    Cannot recompute multipliers for feasibility problem.  Error in eq_mult_calculator
    
    Number of Iterations....: 3
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   1.0099088928127794e+05    1.0099088928127794e+05
    Constraint violation....:   2.4013852159823137e-10    7.4442941695451736e-06
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.4013852159823137e-10    1.0099088928127794e+05
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 4
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 4
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 4
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 4
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 3
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.007
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.001
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.


5.3 Flowsheet Costing and Optimization
--------------------------------------

Now that we have a well-initialized and solved flowsheet, we can add
process economics and optimize the revenue. We utilize IDAES costing
tools to calculate reactor and flash vessel capital cost, and implement
surrogate models to account for heat exchanger capital costs, reactor
operating costs and utility costs for heating, cooling and electricity.
As before, revenue is determined from total liquid methanol sales,
operating costs, annualized capital costs and feed raw material costs.
The flowsheet report method returns key process results, which are
updated for new results with the prescence of a recycle stream:

.. code:: ipython3

    add_costing(m)  # re-solve with costing equations
    print()
    results2 = solver.solve(m, tee=True)
    
    print('Initial solution process results:')
    report(m)  # display initial solution results


.. parsed-literal::

    
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.CH3OH.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.EXHAUST.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.S101.recycle_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.S101.purge_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.S101.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.F101.split.scaling_factor' that
        contains 24 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.
        Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.F101.control_volume.scaling_factor'
        that contains 1 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.properties_isentropic[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.T101.control_volume.scaling_factor'
        that contains 1 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.reactions[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 1
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M102.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M102.recycle_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.M102.feed_state[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 6 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.CO_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.H2_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.CO.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.H2.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 11 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.H2.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CO.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 23 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.H2.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CO.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:     1227
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      772
    
    Total number of variables............................:      406
                         variables with only lower bounds:       49
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:      333
                         variables with only upper bounds:        1
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      406
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0 -2.8497869e+07 9.10e+04 1.00e+02  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1 -2.9074832e+07 5.76e+04 4.22e+03  -1.0 1.20e+05    -  5.03e-02 9.90e-01h  1
       2 -2.9080637e+07 5.71e+02 3.82e+03  -1.0 5.72e+04    -  9.81e-01 9.90e-01h  1
       3 -2.9080695e+07 5.22e-05 1.00e+03  -1.0 5.67e+02    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4 -2.9080695e+07 6.98e-10 9.90e+04  -1.0 5.22e-05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    Cannot recompute multipliers for feasibility problem.  Error in eq_mult_calculator
    
    Number of Iterations....: 4
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:  -4.4953175283791907e+01   -2.9080695361147862e+07
    Dual infeasibility......:   9.9999999999985807e+06    6.4691081725719443e+12
    Constraint violation....:   4.5474735088646412e-12    6.9849193096160889e-10
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.5474735088646412e-12    6.4691081725719443e+12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 5
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 5
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 5
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 5
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 4
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.009
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.001
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    Initial solution process results:
    
    
    Extent of reaction:  237.60641806045152
    Stoichiometry of each component normalized by the extent:
    CH4 :  0.0
    H2 :  -2.0
    CH3OH :  1.0
    CO :  -1.0
    These coefficients should follow 1*CO + 2*H2 => 1*CH3OH
    
    Reaction conversion:  0.75
    Reactor duty (MW):  -45.22029794711383
    Duty from Reaction (MW)): 21.536645732999325
    Compressor work (MW):  4.9022090500807066e-15
    Turbine work (MW):  -0.95937850239144
    Feed Mixer outlet temperature (C)):  20.051714213753144
    Recycle Mixer outlet temperature (C)):  20.056485612776044
    Feed Compressor outlet temperature (C)):  20.056485612776157
    Feed Compressor outlet pressure (Pa)):  5100000.0
    Heater outlet temperature (C)):  215.0
    Reactor outlet temperature (C)):  234.0
    Turbine outlet temperature (C)):  192.87840947667905
    Turbine outlet pressure (Pa)):  3100000.0
    Cooler outlet temperature (C)):  134.0
    Flash outlet temperature (C)):  134.0
    Purge percentage (amount of vapor vented to exhaust): 99.99  %
    Methanol recovery(%):  60.00598493491174
    annualized capital cost ($/year) = 219794.2325658716
    operating cost ($/year) =  380711692.18370014
    sales ($/year) =  64691081725.72809
    raw materials cost ($/year) = 35229454878.16397
    revenue (1000$/year)=  29080695.36114785
    
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.H2                                                               Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units        Outlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second     637.20
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless     1.0000
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole    -142.40
        Pressure                          pascal 3.0000e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.CO                                                               Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units         Outlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second      316.80
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless      1.0000
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole -1.1068e+05
        Pressure                          pascal  3.0000e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.EXHAUST                                                          Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units         Inlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second     336.21
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless 2.8375e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless    0.23555
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless    0.48181
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless    0.28263
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole    -80218.
        Pressure                          pascal 3.1000e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.CH3OH                                                            Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units          Inlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second      142.58
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless      1.0000
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole -2.3813e+05
        Pressure                          pascal  3.1000e+06
    ====================================================================================


Finally, let’s unfix some specifications and determine an optimal
revenue. We set bounds on our decision variables to constrain our
objective to physical and economically sensible solutions, including a
purge between 10-50% of flash vapor. The pre-reactor section mixes the
feeds and brings the reactants to optimal temperature and pressure, and
we only unfix downstream unit specifications:

.. code:: ipython3

    # Set up Optimization Problem (Maximize Revenue)
    # keep process pre-reaction fixed and unfix some post-process specs
    m.fs.R101.conversion.unfix()
    m.fs.R101.conversion_lb = Constraint(expr=m.fs.R101.conversion >= 0.75)
    m.fs.R101.conversion_ub = Constraint(expr=m.fs.R101.conversion <= 0.85)
    m.fs.R101.outlet_temp.deactivate()
    m.fs.R101.outlet_t_lb = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].temperature
        >= 405*pyunits.K)
    m.fs.R101.outlet_t_ub = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].temperature
        <= 505*pyunits.K)
    
    # Optimize turbine work (or delta P)
    m.fs.T101.deltaP.unfix()  # optimize turbine work recovery/pressure drop
    m.fs.T101.outlet_p_lb = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.T101.outlet.pressure[0] >= 10E5*pyunits.Pa)
    m.fs.T101.outlet_p_ub = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.T101.outlet.pressure[0] <= 51E5*0.8*pyunits.Pa)
    
    # Optimize Cooler outlet temperature - unfix cooler outlet temperature
    m.fs.H102.outlet_temp.deactivate()
    m.fs.H102.outlet_t_lb = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].temperature
        >= 407.15*0.8*pyunits.K)
    m.fs.H102.outlet_t_ub = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].temperature
        <= 480*pyunits.K)
    
    m.fs.F101.deltaP.unfix()  # allow pressure change in streams
    
    m.fs.F101.isothermal = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out[0].temperature ==
        m.fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in[0].temperature)
    
    m.fs.S101.split_fraction[0, "purge"].unfix()  # allow some gas recycle
    m.fs.S101.split_fraction_lb = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.S101.split_fraction[0, "purge"] >= 0.10)  # min 10% purge
    m.fs.S101.split_fraction_ub = Constraint(
        expr=m.fs.S101.split_fraction[0, "purge"] <= 0.50)  # max 50% purge
    
    print()
    print('Solving optimization problem...')
    opt_res = solver.solve(m, tee=True)
    
    print('Optimal solution process results:')
    report(m)


.. parsed-literal::

    
    Solving optimization problem...
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.CH3OH.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.EXHAUST.properties[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.S101.recycle_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.S101.purge_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.S101.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 4 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.F101.split.scaling_factor' that
        contains 24 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.
        Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.F101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        13 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H102.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.properties_isentropic[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.T101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 8
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.reactions[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 1
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.R101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        7 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.H101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_out[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains
        8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.C101.control_volume.properties_in[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 7
        component keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M102.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M102.recycle_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.M102.feed_state[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 6 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.mixed_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.CO_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.M101.H2_WGS_state[0.0].scaling_factor' that contains 6 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.CO.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.H2.properties[0.0].scaling_factor'
        that contains 15 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 11 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.H2.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CO.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_vapor.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH3OH.scaling_factor' that contains 23 component
        keys that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.H2.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix 'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CO.scaling_factor'
        that contains 8 component keys that are not exported as part of the NL
        file.  Skipping.
    WARNING: model contains export suffix
        'fs.thermo_params_VLE.CH4.scaling_factor' that contains 8 component keys
        that are not exported as part of the NL file.  Skipping.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:     1236
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:       10
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      779
    
    Total number of variables............................:      410
                         variables with only lower bounds:       49
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:      334
                         variables with only upper bounds:        1
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      405
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:       10
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        5
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        5
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0 -2.8497829e+07 2.79e+04 1.00e+02  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1 -2.8431118e+07 2.74e+04 9.77e+01  -1.0 8.82e+06    -  4.99e-02 1.94e-02h  1
       2 -2.8430711e+07 2.74e+04 7.81e+02  -1.0 8.52e+06    -  3.76e-02 1.99e-04h  1
       3 -2.8524881e+07 2.48e+04 1.61e+05  -1.0 6.46e+06    -  2.49e-04 9.25e-02f  1
       4 -2.8526701e+07 2.48e+04 1.61e+05  -1.0 5.76e+06    -  5.84e-02 9.84e-04h  1
       5 -2.8554187e+07 2.48e+04 1.60e+05  -1.0 1.49e+07    -  3.31e-03 8.96e-04h  1
       6 -2.9123963e+07 2.43e+04 1.52e+05  -1.0 1.49e+07    -  1.23e-01 1.84e-02f  1
       7 -2.9208669e+07 2.43e+04 1.51e+05  -1.0 9.71e+06    -  2.32e-02 2.78e-03h  1
       8 -3.0003106e+07 2.36e+04 1.08e+06  -1.0 9.31e+06    -  1.92e-01 2.61e-02h  1
       9 -3.1468193e+07 2.25e+04 1.09e+06  -1.0 8.71e+06    -  6.69e-02 4.91e-02f  1
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
      10 -3.1583879e+07 2.24e+04 1.14e+07  -1.0 5.51e+06    -  3.91e-01 3.89e-03h  1
      11 -4.3112060e+07 3.08e+04 5.71e+06  -1.0 5.49e+06    -  1.57e-01 3.86e-01f  1
      12 -4.3711568e+07 4.53e+04 5.09e+06  -1.0 3.67e+06    -  8.46e-02 2.88e-02h  1
      13 -4.3718128e+07 4.53e+04 1.94e+06  -1.0 3.57e+06    -  5.80e-01 3.23e-04h  1
      14 -4.3760522e+07 4.51e+04 4.15e+07  -1.0 3.56e+06    -  4.25e-01 5.93e-03h  1
      15 -4.4646098e+07 7.99e+04 5.37e+07  -1.0 3.54e+06    -  6.75e-01 1.23e-01h  4
      16 -6.6609948e+07 4.70e+04 6.17e+06  -1.0 3.14e+06    -  7.83e-01 9.90e-01H  1
      17 -6.5995574e+07 4.70e+04 3.11e+06  -1.0 2.01e+07    -  3.61e-03 3.25e-03h  5
      18 -6.5244336e+07 4.71e+04 3.13e+07  -1.0 1.74e+07    -  4.59e-05 4.34e-03h  5
      19 -6.4062606e+07 2.26e+03 9.67e+06  -1.0 7.97e+04    -  3.33e-04 9.87e-01h  1
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
      20 -6.4049002e+07 1.77e+03 8.54e+03  -1.0 2.65e+03    -  9.89e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      21 -6.5078492e+07 1.26e+03 4.14e+05  -1.0 1.04e+05    -  9.50e-01 9.92e-01f  1
      22 -7.5331202e+07 1.38e+05 3.86e+06  -1.0 1.20e+06    -  2.40e-01 1.00e+00f  1
      23 -7.4656453e+07 9.99e+04 2.12e+06  -1.0 1.07e+05  -4.0 9.90e-01 2.77e-01h  1
      24 -7.4647249e+07 9.94e+04 2.08e+06  -1.0 7.74e+04  -4.5 5.39e-01 5.21e-03h  1
      25 -7.4611354e+07 9.73e+04 2.02e+06  -1.0 7.24e+04  -5.0 1.00e+00 2.07e-02h  1
      26 -7.4417188e+07 8.61e+04 1.78e+06  -1.0 7.10e+04  -5.4 5.90e-01 1.15e-01h  1
      27 -7.4386526e+07 8.46e+04 1.75e+06  -1.0 7.83e+04  -5.9 1.23e-02 1.80e-02h  1
      28 -7.2736872e+07 3.01e+02 1.72e+06  -1.0 1.09e+05  -6.4 1.06e-04 1.00e+00h  1
      29 -7.2723082e+07 1.43e-01 6.52e+02  -1.0 5.95e+02  -6.9 1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
      30 -7.2723222e+07 7.89e-05 2.09e+01  -1.7 1.63e+02  -7.3 1.00e+00 1.00e+00f  1
      31 -8.6816123e+07 8.68e+03 9.78e+05  -2.5 5.17e+06    -  2.86e-02 5.98e-01f  1
      32 -8.6799976e+07 8.39e+03 5.89e+05  -2.5 1.65e+04  -7.8 9.53e-01 3.34e-02h  1
      33 -8.6300379e+07 1.51e+01 7.15e+04  -2.5 2.25e+04  -8.3 8.28e-02 1.00e+00h  1
      34 -8.6315273e+07 4.51e-03 1.67e+00  -2.5 3.37e+03  -8.8 1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
      35 -8.6355832e+07 4.54e-02 7.17e-02  -2.5 1.03e+04  -9.2 1.00e+00 1.00e+00f  1
      36 -8.6484786e+07 3.89e-01 3.04e+03  -5.7 3.04e+04  -9.7 9.89e-01 1.00e+00f  1
      37 -8.6863607e+07 3.35e+00 6.38e-01  -5.7 9.16e+04 -10.2 1.00e+00 9.94e-01f  1
      38 -8.7407007e+07 7.89e+00 3.54e-01  -5.7 2.74e+05 -10.7 1.00e+00 4.78e-01f  1
      39 -9.0728057e+07 2.04e+02 2.21e+00  -5.7 8.01e+05 -11.2 1.00e+00 1.00e+00f  1
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
      40 -9.9495392e+07 6.13e+02 3.85e+00  -5.7 2.39e+06 -11.6 1.00e+00 9.06e-01f  1
      41 -9.9495416e+07 6.13e+02 3.85e+00  -5.7 5.53e+06 -12.1 1.07e-01 1.10e-06h  1
      42 -1.0301582e+08 3.81e+04 2.43e+01  -5.7 7.11e+06 -12.6 3.99e-01 1.44e-01f  1
      43 -1.0301583e+08 3.81e+04 3.36e+01  -5.7 1.39e+06    -  6.86e-01 1.25e-06h  2
      44 -1.0436645e+08 3.42e+05 1.56e+01  -5.7 2.02e+06    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
      45 -1.0441853e+08 3.22e+05 1.44e+01  -5.7 4.91e+06    -  9.43e-01 7.95e-02h  1
      46 -1.0439096e+08 2.72e+05 1.22e+01  -5.7 1.25e+07    -  2.29e-01 1.53e-01h  1
      47 -1.0436186e+08 2.08e+05 9.28e+00  -5.7 6.35e+05    -  1.00e+00 2.38e-01h  1
      48 -1.0427962e+08 1.89e+04 8.38e-01  -5.7 2.21e+05    -  1.00e+00 9.09e-01h  1
      49 -1.0427372e+08 1.22e+01 8.52e-02  -5.7 2.01e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
      50 -1.0427510e+08 3.31e+02 1.55e+00  -5.7 5.86e+04 -13.1 1.00e+00 9.55e-01h  1
      51 -1.0427510e+08 2.94e+02 5.87e+01  -5.7 2.24e+04    -  7.65e-02 1.13e-01f  1
      52 -1.0427509e+08 1.51e-03 1.08e-01  -5.7 8.91e+03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00f  1
      53 -1.0427919e+08 3.06e+03 5.51e+01  -5.7 1.66e+05 -13.5 1.00e+00 1.00e+00f  1
      54 -1.0427839e+08 2.40e+03 4.05e+01  -5.7 1.34e+05    -  4.18e-01 2.55e-01h  1
      55 -1.0427605e+08 1.01e+03 2.12e+01  -5.7 9.49e+04    -  4.92e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      56 -1.0427605e+08 6.84e-03 5.30e+01  -5.7 1.43e+03    -  2.80e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      57 -1.0427605e+08 6.92e-04 5.08e-03  -5.7 1.97e+02    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
      58 -1.0427606e+08 1.10e-02 4.86e+00  -5.7 3.32e+02 -10.4 4.14e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      59 -1.0427605e+08 2.11e-03 5.96e-01  -5.7 2.09e+02    -  2.89e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
      60 -1.0427605e+08 7.75e-05 1.67e-01  -5.7 3.44e+02    -  5.92e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      61 -1.0427606e+08 1.07e-03 3.54e-02  -5.7 1.20e+03    -  4.52e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      62 -1.0427606e+08 1.84e-02 6.27e-02  -5.7 5.23e+03    -  3.18e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      63 -1.0427613e+08 2.01e+00 9.36e-03  -5.7 5.45e+04    -  1.26e-01 1.00e+00h  1
      64 -1.0427676e+08 1.61e+02 1.39e-02  -5.7 6.85e+06    -  8.98e-03 7.04e-02h  3
      65 -1.0427678e+08 1.30e-01 1.17e-04  -5.7 7.26e+02 -10.9 1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
      66 -1.0427727e+08 9.59e+01 5.94e-03  -5.7 5.11e+06    -  1.07e-01 6.92e-02h  3
      67 -1.0427802e+08 3.15e+02 6.28e-02  -5.7 5.67e+06    -  4.89e-01 9.21e-02h  2
      68 -1.0427841e+08 3.63e+02 7.79e-02  -5.7 6.06e+06    -  2.53e-01 4.21e-02h  2
      69 -1.0427881e+08 4.10e+02 1.51e-01  -5.7 5.10e+06    -  1.00e+00 4.94e-02h  1
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
      70 -1.0427883e+08 1.43e-01 9.49e-05  -5.7 1.47e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
      71 -1.0427883e+08 7.08e-03 1.45e-08  -5.7 2.57e+03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
      72 -1.0427884e+08 5.67e-04 5.09e-06  -8.6 1.47e+03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
      73 -1.0427884e+08 1.86e-09 3.49e-13  -8.6 6.91e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
      74 -1.0427884e+08 9.31e-10 9.31e-12 -10.9 1.99e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 74
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:  -1.6119507851269793e+02   -1.0427883997850099e+08
    Dual infeasibility......:   9.3066982868688585e-12    6.0206037947252707e-06
    Constraint violation....:   1.0186340659856796e-10    9.3132257461547852e-10
    Complementarity.........:   1.4067955349081809e-11    9.1007124920134500e-06
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.0186340659856796e-10    9.1007124920134500e-06
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 109
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 75
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 109
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 109
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 75
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 75
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 74
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.143
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.016
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    Optimal solution process results:
    
    
    Extent of reaction:  311.3069854950048
    Stoichiometry of each component normalized by the extent:
    CH4 :  0.0
    H2 :  -2.0
    CH3OH :  1.0
    CO :  -1.0
    These coefficients should follow 1*CO + 2*H2 => 1*CH3OH
    
    Reaction conversion:  0.8500000099996615
    Reactor duty (MW):  -59.34022107299144
    Duty from Reaction (MW)): 28.216865165267237
    Compressor work (MW):  8.44420706806932e-25
    Turbine work (MW):  -2.491301208383534
    Feed Mixer outlet temperature (C)):  20.051714213753428
    Recycle Mixer outlet temperature (C)):  41.54321437801781
    Feed Compressor outlet temperature (C)):  41.54321437801781
    Feed Compressor outlet pressure (Pa)):  5100000.0
    Heater outlet temperature (C)):  215.0
    Reactor outlet temperature (C)):  231.85000478420352
    Turbine outlet temperature (C)):  141.50037862881612
    Turbine outlet pressure (Pa)):  1487177.2483577346
    Cooler outlet temperature (C)):  52.56999699056837
    Flash outlet temperature (C)):  134.0
    Purge percentage (amount of vapor vented to exhaust): 9.999999000026644  %
    Methanol recovery(%):  92.05882105498138
    annualized capital cost ($/year) = 259559.90821304667
    operating cost ($/year) =  525130020.7095513
    sales ($/year) =  140033684437.28275
    raw materials cost ($/year) = 35229454878.16397
    revenue (1000$/year)=  104278839.978501
    
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.H2                                                               Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units        Outlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second     637.20
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless     1.0000
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless 1.0000e-06
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole    -142.40
        Pressure                          pascal 3.0000e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.CO                                                               Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units         Outlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second      316.80
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless      1.0000
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless  1.0000e-06
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole -1.1068e+05
        Pressure                          pascal  3.0000e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.EXHAUST                                                          Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units         Inlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second     22.743
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless 4.1946e-05
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless    0.24155
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless    0.64134
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless    0.11706
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole    -47286.
        Pressure                          pascal 7.4845e+06
    ====================================================================================
    
    ====================================================================================
    Unit : fs.CH3OH                                                            Time: 0.0
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Stream Table
                                      Units          Inlet  
        Total Molar Flowrate       mole / second      308.65
        Total Mole Fraction CH4    dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction CO     dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction H2     dimensionless  1.0000e-08
        Total Mole Fraction CH3OH  dimensionless      1.0000
        Molar Enthalpy              joule / mole -2.3792e+05
        Pressure                          pascal  7.4845e+06
    ====================================================================================


As expected, recycling methanol and gases from the flash vapor achieves
much greater methanol production, and process cost increases are small
compared to the increase in revenue. Note that the reaction conversion
and flash inlet temperature did not change, and we obtain the same
percentage methanol recovery. We can see in the stream tables that far
more of the inlet material exits as methanol than in the non-recycle
process (note that we do not have a mole balance due to the reaction
stoichiometry). The results show a slight increase in equipment and
operating costs from increased throughput on each unit.

6. Summary
==========

The present example demonstrates building, initializing and optimizing a
methanol synthesis problem in IDAES. The imported scripts implement
models from the IDAES pre-defined unit model library, the IDAES Property
and Reaction Framework, targeted thermophysical properties for specific
unit blocks, Pyomo’s Sequential Decomposition methods, the IDAES Costing
Framework for capital cost calculations, and integration of custom
surrogate expressions for operating cost calculations. The methanol
synthesis flowsheet methods may be imported into any external script,
and users may build, initialize and optimize the entire model via the
``main()`` method in each flowsheet.

