Data Parameter Estimation for a Single Unit - Economizer
========================================================

This notebook demonstrates parameter estimation continuing from the data
reconciliation results in ``econ_recon.ipynb`` or
``boiler_recon.ipynb``.

1. Read Data
------------

The data used here is produced by the data reconciliation step. The data
tags are mostly systematically generated from stream names to minimize
effort in mapping data to the model. The same model is used for
parameter reconciliation and data reconciliation, so the stream names
are consistent and any data mapping can be reused. The bin information
columns where included in the data reconciliation output, so there is no
need to bin the data again here.

.. code:: ipython3

    import pandas as pd
    import idaes.dmf.model_data as da
    from idaes.logger import getLogger
    import logging
    getLogger('idaes.core').setLevel(logging.ERROR)

Either economizer only or full boiler data reconciliation results can be
used here. You can select below.

.. code:: ipython3

    recon_data = "econ_recon.csv"
    
    #Uncomment the next line to use boiler recon data.
    #recon_data = "boiler_recon.csv"

.. code:: ipython3

    # Since the data is already tagged to match the model and in the correct units, we directly read the data
    # into a Pandas data frame, and there is no need to use the data processing functions that were used in the
    # data reconciliation notebook (although they could be used here). 
    df = pd.read_csv(recon_data)
    
    # Calculate the standard deviations of the binned data 
    bin_stdev = da.bin_stdev(df, bin_no="bin_no")


.. parsed-literal::

    /home/runner/.conda/envs/idaes-env/lib/python3.8/site-packages/idaes/dmf/model_data.py:474: FutureWarning: Dropping of nuisance columns in DataFrame reductions (with 'numeric_only=None') is deprecated; in a future version this will raise TypeError.  Select only valid columns before calling the reduction.
      res[i] = df2.std(axis=0)


Create a function to set the model data. In this case, we take the data
reconciliation results for model input to be correct and set those in
the model. Another approach would be to also estimate model inputs given
that there is some uncertainty in their measurements.

.. code:: ipython3

    # The 'set_data' function below takes data from the DataFrame and updates the model data parameters.
    def set_data(m, df, data_tags, index=None):
        if index is None:
            index = df.index[0]
        dft = df.transpose()[index]
        m.bin_no = dft["bin_no"]
        m.data.store_values(dft[data_tags])
        m.data_stdev.store_values(bin_stdev[m.bin_no][data_tags])
        # Set the inlet streams from the data.
        input_tags = [
            "BFW_h",
            "BFW_P",
            "BFW_F",
            "FG_2_ECON_T",
            "FG_2_ECON_P",
            "FG_2_ECON_F[O2]",
            "FG_2_ECON_F[NO]",
            "FG_2_ECON_F[N2]",
            "FG_2_ECON_F[SO2]",
            "FG_2_ECON_F[CO2]",
            "FG_2_ECON_F[H2O]",
        ]
        for t in input_tags:
            m.data_tags[t].value = dft[t]

2. Create Model Generator Function
----------------------------------

We use the Parmest tool from Pyomo to do the parameter estimation here,
which requires a function to generate a model for each case. The cases
are put together by Parmest to set up a parameter estimation problem.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Import models
    import os
    import pyomo.environ as pyo
    from idaes.core.util import model_serializer as ms
    from idaes.core import FlowsheetBlock
    from idaes.power_generation.properties.flue_gas_ideal import FlueGasParameterBlock
    from idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger import (
        BoilerHeatExchanger, 
        TubeArrangement, 
        DeltaTMethod
    )
    from idaes.generic_models.properties import iapws95
    import idaes.core.util.tables as ta

.. code:: ipython3

    # Add a function to get an instance of the economizer model.
    
    solver = pyo.SolverFactory('ipopt')
    def get_model(data):
        m = pyo.ConcreteModel()
        m.fs = FlowsheetBlock(default={"dynamic": False, "time_units":pyo.units.s})
        m.fs.prop_water = iapws95.Iapws95ParameterBlock()
        m.fs.prop_fluegas = FlueGasParameterBlock()
    
        m.fs.econ = BoilerHeatExchanger(default={
                "side_1_property_package": m.fs.prop_water,
                "side_2_property_package": m.fs.prop_fluegas,
                "has_pressure_change": True,
                "has_holdup": False,
                "delta_T_method": DeltaTMethod.counterCurrent,
                "tube_arrangement": TubeArrangement.inLine,
                "side_1_water_phase": "Liq",
                "has_radiation": False
            }
        )
        # Set inputs and initialize.  Since the initialization is repeated each time a
        # model is created, we'll save the results and reload them.
        if os.path.isfile("econ_init.json.gz"):
            ms.from_json(m, fname="econ_init.json.gz")
        else:
            h = pyo.value(iapws95.htpx(563.706*pyo.units.K, 2.5449e7*pyo.units.Pa))
            m.fs.econ.side_1_inlet.flow_mol[0].fix(24678.26) # mol/s
            m.fs.econ.side_1_inlet.enth_mol[0].fix(h) #J/mol         
            m.fs.econ.side_1_inlet.pressure[0].fix(2.5449e7) # Pa
    
            # Set the flue gas flow and composition
            fg_rate = 28.3876e3  # mol/s equivalent of ~1930.08 klb/hr
            fg_comp = { # mol fraction of flue gas components
                "H2O":8.69/100,
                "CO2":14.49/100,
                "O2":2.47/100,
                "NO":0.0006,
                "SO2":0.002,
            }
            # The rest is N2
            fg_comp["N2"] = 1 - sum(fg_comp[i] for i in fg_comp)
    
            # Set economizer inlets
            for c in fg_comp:
                m.fs.econ.side_2.properties_in[0].flow_mol_comp[c].fix(fg_rate*fg_comp[c])    
            m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet.temperature[0].fix(682.335)  # K
            m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet.pressure[0].fix(100145)  # Pa
    
            # Set economizer design variables and parameters
            ITM = 0.0254  # inch to meter conversion
            # Based on NETL Baseline Report Rev4
            m.fs.econ.tube_thickness.fix(0.188*ITM)  # tube thickness
            m.fs.econ.tube_di.fix((2.0 - 2.0 * 0.188)*ITM) # calc inner diameter
            m.fs.econ.pitch_x.fix(3.5*ITM)
            m.fs.econ.pitch_y.fix(5.03*ITM)
            m.fs.econ.tube_length.fix(53.41*12*ITM)  # use tube length (53.41 ft)
            m.fs.econ.tube_nrow.fix(36*2.5) # use to match baseline performance
            m.fs.econ.tube_ncol.fix(130) # 130 from thermoflow
            m.fs.econ.nrow_inlet.fix(2)
            m.fs.econ.delta_elevation.fix(50)
            m.fs.econ.tube_r_fouling = 0.000176
            m.fs.econ.shell_r_fouling = 0.00088
            m.fs.econ.fcorrection_htc.fix(1.5)
            m.fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube.fix(1.0)
            m.fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell.fix(1.0)
            m.fs.econ.initialize(
                state_args_1={
                    "flow_mol": m.fs.econ.side_1_inlet.flow_mol[0].value,
                    "pressure": m.fs.econ.side_1_inlet.pressure[0].value,
                    "enth_mol": m.fs.econ.side_1_inlet.enth_mol[0].value,
                },
                state_args_2={
                    "flow_component":{
                        "H2O": m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet.flow_mol_comp[0, "H2O"].value,
                        "CO2": m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet.flow_mol_comp[0, "CO2"].value,
                        "N2": m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet.flow_mol_comp[0, "N2"].value,
                        "O2": m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet.flow_mol_comp[0, "O2"].value,
                        "NO": m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet.flow_mol_comp[0, "NO"].value,
                        "SO2": m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet.flow_mol_comp[0, "SO2"].value,
                    },
                    "temperature": m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet.temperature[0].value,
                    "pressure": m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet.pressure[0].value,
                }
            )
            ms.to_json(m, fname="econ_init.json.gz")
        
        # Add tags and data parameters
        stream_dict = ta.arcs_to_stream_dict(
            m, 
            additional={
                "BFW": m.fs.econ.side_1_inlet,
                "ECON_OUT": m.fs.econ.side_1_outlet,
                "FG_2_ECON": m.fs.econ.side_2_inlet,
                "FG_2_AIRPH": m.fs.econ.side_2_outlet,
            },
            sort=True,
        )
        state_dict = ta.stream_states_dict(stream_dict, time_point=0)
        m.data_tags = ta.tag_state_quantities(
            blocks=state_dict, 
            attributes=(
                "flow_mass", 
                "flow_mol", 
                "enth_mol", 
                "temperature", 
                "pressure", 
                ("flow_mol_comp", "O2"),
                ("flow_mol_comp", "NO"),
                ("flow_mol_comp", "N2"),
                ("flow_mol_comp", "SO2"),
                ("flow_mol_comp", "CO2"),
                ("flow_mol_comp", "H2O"),
            ), 
            labels=("_Fm", "_F", "_h", "_T", "_P", "_F[O2]", "_F[NO]", "_F[N2]", "_F[SO2]", "_F[CO2]", "_F[H2O]"),
        )
        m.data_tags["ECON_Q"] = m.fs.econ.heat_duty[0]
        
        m.data = pyo.Param(m.data_tags, mutable=True, doc="Process data for a specific point in time.")
        m.data_stdev = pyo.Param(m.data_tags, mutable=True, doc="Process data standard deviation.")
        @m.Expression(m.data_tags)
        def err(m, i):
            return (m.data[i] - m.data_tags[i])/m.data_stdev[i]    
    
        # Set the data
        set_data(m, data, data_tags=pd.Series(m.data_tags.keys()))
        solver.solve(m)
    
        return m

.. code:: ipython3

    # Try the get model function
    solver = pyo.SolverFactory('ipopt')
    print(df.index)
    m = get_model(df)
    
    # Solve the model at the first data point
    res = solver.solve(m)


.. parsed-literal::

    RangeIndex(start=0, stop=250, step=1)
    2022-03-16 23:22:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.


.. code:: ipython3

    # Show the model result at the first data point
    from idaes.core.util.tags import svg_tag  # utility to place numbers/text in an SVG
    from IPython.display import SVG, display
    
    with open("econ.svg", "r") as f:
        s = svg_tag(svg=f, tags={"subtitle":"Initialized Model"})
        s = svg_tag(svg=s, tags=m.data_tags, outfile="econ_init.svg")
    display(SVG(s))


.. parsed-literal::

    WARNING: DEPRECATED: DEPRECATED: svg_tag, the tags, tag_format and
        tag_format_default arguments are deprecated use tag_group instead.
        (deprecated in 1.12) (called from /tmp/ipykernel_1823/2443948796.py:6)
    WARNING: DEPRECATED: DEPRECATED: svg_tag, the tags, tag_format and
        tag_format_default arguments are deprecated use tag_group instead.
        (deprecated in 1.12) (called from /tmp/ipykernel_1823/2443948796.py:7)



.. image:: output_12_1.svg


3. Set Up Parameter Estimation
------------------------------

Here we use the Parmest tool to solve the parameter estimation problem.
The theta_names list is a list of parameters to estimate. The theta
names strings are the location of the parameters in the model. A
function ``sse()`` is also defined that creates the objective function
for each model instance. The objective from the individual cases is
summed to produce the overall parameter estimation objective.

.. code:: ipython3

    # List of parameters to estimate
    theta_names = [
        "fs.econ.fcorrection_htc",
        "fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube",
        "fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell",
    ]
    
    # Tags to include in the objective
    objective_tags = {
        "ECON_OUT_P", 
        "ECON_OUT_T", 
        "FG_2_AIRPH_T", 
        "FG_2_AIRPH_P",
    }
    
    # Return expressions for the objective
    def sse(model, data):
        return sum((model.err[i])**2 for i in objective_tags)

Run Parmest and record the results. Here we group the data by bin. Each
parameter in theta_names will be estimated based on all the points in a
bin. This will allow us to examine whether the parameters have a
dependence on load.

.. code:: ipython3

    import pyomo.contrib.parmest.parmest as parmest
    import numpy as np
    
    parmest_results={}
    # run parmest tool for each power bin
    for i, group in df.groupby("bin_no"):
        pest = parmest.Estimator(get_model, group, theta_names, sse)
        obj, theta = pest.theta_est()
        print(f"Bin number: {i},  objective: {obj}")
        print(theta)
        parmest_results[i] = {'obj':obj, 'theta': theta}


.. parsed-literal::

    2022-03-16 23:22:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 0.0,  objective: 56.85100984716306
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.532016
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     1.013087
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    0.041383
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:31 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 1.0,  objective: 21.517543739149634
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.620109
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     1.023475
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    5.095187
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 2.0,  objective: 19.551936809604904
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.403364
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     1.007417
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    4.023207
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:35 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:36 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:37 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 3.0,  objective: 31.34152082357288
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.488449
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     1.024826
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell   -1.136841
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:38 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:38 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:38 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:38 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:38 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:39 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 4.0,  objective: 35.2253001564852
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.523600
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     1.008824
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    2.957267
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:40 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:40 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:40 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:40 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:40 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:40 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:40 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:40 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:40 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:40 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:41 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:42 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 5.0,  objective: 30.92252329104032
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.453713
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.990926
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    1.437976
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:44 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 6.0,  objective: 25.17889892091002
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.607288
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.970936
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    1.678402
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:45 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:46 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:47 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 7.0,  objective: 37.12555297566144
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.406840
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.985350
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    1.630454
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:48 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:49 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:50 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 8.0,  objective: 30.159955195821347
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.423817
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.995257
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    1.439385
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:51 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:51 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:51 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:51 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:51 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:51 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:51 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:51 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:51 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:51 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:52 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:53 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:53 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:53 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:53 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:53 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 9.0,  objective: 19.210145883363282
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.416077
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     1.020699
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell   -4.030150
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:54 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:55 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 10.0,  objective: 18.51197396196114
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.456900
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.976124
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    5.150890
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:56 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:57 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:58 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:58 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:58 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:58 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 11.0,  objective: 14.444938583988398
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.530070
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.975967
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    0.186283
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:22:59 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:00 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:01 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:01 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:01 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:01 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:01 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:01 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:01 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:01 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:01 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:01 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 12.0,  objective: 30.453000093255525
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.558802
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.987257
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    1.126479
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:02 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:02 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:02 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:02 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:02 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:03 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 13.0,  objective: 29.775523019313333
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.417847
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     1.003869
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    0.022246
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:04 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:04 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:04 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:04 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:04 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:04 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:04 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:04 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:04 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:04 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:05 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:06 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:06 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:06 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:06 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:06 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 14.0,  objective: 15.123960836284358
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.503236
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.990504
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    3.266245
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:07 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:08 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 15.0,  objective: 24.575579756434806
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.532683
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.974999
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell   -1.351015
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:10 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:11 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 16.0,  objective: 38.82275407242736
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.439334
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.993712
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    1.731310
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:12 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:12 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:12 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:12 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:12 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:13 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:14 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:14 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:14 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:14 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:14 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:14 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:14 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:14 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:14 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:14 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 17.0,  objective: 44.08050978020994
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.483040
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.979348
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell   -0.289599
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:15 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:16 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 18.0,  objective: 17.72589812940582
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.521001
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     1.032675
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    3.487481
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:17 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:17 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:17 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:17 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:17 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:17 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:17 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:17 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:17 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:17 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:18 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:19 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 19.0,  objective: 36.14887195700369
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.394338
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.988984
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    1.909366
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:20 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:21 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 20.0,  objective: 18.598319391310913
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.533060
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     1.021520
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell   -1.701385
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:23 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:24 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 21.0,  objective: 21.87528525020977
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.448586
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.968747
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell   -3.492664
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:25 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:26 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:27 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 22.0,  objective: 17.532110317903022
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.489059
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.992919
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    0.734426
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:28 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:29 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:30 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 23.0,  objective: 46.65108076945837
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.505589
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.979993
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell   -1.566055
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:32 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:33 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 24.0,  objective: 214.6902839679524
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.435325
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     1.022723
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    0.201843
    dtype: float64
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item delta_T_method is deprecated use flow_pattern. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: 'DeltaTMethod' is deprecated use 'HeatExchangerFlowPattern' This will be removed in IDAES 3.0
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_1_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    2022-03-16 23:23:34 [WARNING] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: Config item side_2_property_package is deprecated. Will be removed in IDAES 3.0.
    Bin number: 25.0,  objective: 58.69995497244199
    fs.econ.fcorrection_htc         1.392692
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_tube     0.952198
    fs.econ.fcorrection_dp_shell    2.976311
    dtype: float64


