Data Reconciliation of a Supercritical Coal-Fired Boiler, Flowsheet Example
===========================================================================

This notebook demonstrates data reconciliation with a flowsheet heat
exchanger network, the boiler subflowsheet consist of an economizer,
water wall, primary superheater, platen superheater, finishing
superheater, and reheater. Data for this example was generated by adding
noise to supercritical power plant simulations.

Why reconcile data?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Data reconciliation uses mass and energy balances along with redundant
measurements to improve data quality by:

1. reducing measurement error,
2. ensuring measurements satisfy mass and energy balances, and
3. filling in unmeasured quantities.

Data reconciliation is used to refine process data before parameter
estimation.

1. Read Plant Data
------------------

The first step is to read in process data. In this case, data was
simulated by adding measurement error to supercritical steam cycle
simulation results. IDAES includes functions to read process data,
convert units to match the models, and map data to the model.

.. code:: ipython3

    # IDAES module with functions to read, analyze and visualize plant data
    import idaes.dmf.model_data as da

Process data is contained in two csv files, a data file and a metadata
file. The data file where the first column is row indexes and the first
row is process measurement tags. The index column has an entry for each
data row, and is often a timestamp. The metadata file contains
information about the tags including units of measurement, description,
and model mapping information.

Once the process data is read in, the data is assigned to bins based on
the value in a given column, in this case gross power. Dividing the data
into bins allows rough estimation of measurement uncertainty.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Read in data and column metadata
    df, df_meta = da.read_data("plant_data.csv", "plant_data_meta.csv")
    # Add bin information where the data is sorted into 5 MW bins based on the "GROSS_POWER" column
    bin_count = da.bin_data(df, bin_by="POWER_GROSS", bin_no="bin_no", bin_nom="bin_power", bin_size=5e6)
    # Calculate the standard deviation by bin for each column
    bin_stdev = da.bin_stdev(df, bin_no="bin_no")

It can be useful to visualize the measurement data and estimated
uncertainty. The following creates box and whisker plots for each tag
based on the data bins.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Create a pdf book of plots that shows box and whisker plots for each column by bin
    import os
    if not os.path.isfile("data_plot_book.pdf"):
        da.data_plot_book(df, file="data_plot_book.pdf", bin_nom="bin_power", xlabel="gross power (W)", metadata=df_meta)
    # There should now be a data_plot_book.pdf file in this directory

2. Boiler Flowsheet Setup
-------------------------

Now that we have the plant data, we need to create the flowsheet model
that we can use for data reconciliation. Although we need a model that
has just mass and energy balances and feasibility constraints for the
data reconciliation problem, we start with the boiler flowsheet model
here. Using the same model for data reconciliation, parameter
estimation, validation, and simulation reduces the work required to move
between steps in the workflow.

Once the full flowsheet model is created, constraints that are not
needed for data reconciliation can be deactivated.

2.1 Case Study:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In a supercritical coal-fired power plant, the boiler sub-system
consists of multiple heat exchangers transferring heat from the
combustion side to the water/steam side. The boiler system for this work
(Figure 1) is based on a 550 MWe supercritical power plant. Note that
water wall and platen superheater are modeled as a heater, while the
rest of the units correspond to the shell and tube heat exchangers. Note
that boiler flowsheet block diagram shows the available measurements
from plant data. \*for demonstration purposes “plant data” has been
trained at different operating loads and with noise.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Import pyomo and idaes libraries
    # import idaes flowsheet object
    from idaes.core import FlowsheetBlock
    # import flue gas property package
    from idaes.power_generation.properties.IdealProp_FlueGas import FlueGasParameterBlock
    # import utility to report degrees of freedom
    from idaes.core.util.model_statistics import degrees_of_freedom
    # import water/steam property package and functions to calculate enthalpy
    from idaes.generic_models.properties import iapws95
    # import unit models from power generation library
    from idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger import (
        BoilerHeatExchanger, 
        TubeArrangement, 
        DeltaTMethod
    )
    import pyomo.environ as pyo
    # import methods to build the flowsheet and deactivate performance constraints
    import boiler_data_rec as flowsheet

2.2 Flowsheet Setup
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The “boiler_flowsheet” method imports all the unit models in the boiler
heat exchanger network, builds the flowsheet, builds the flowsheet
connectivity, and initializes the flowsheet.

The final solve corresponds to a simulation case, with the following
inputs (relative to a ~650 MW case): - Econommizer (water): F, h, P -
Reheater Inlet (Cold Reheat steam): F, h, P - Coal flowrate (kg/s) and
stoichiometric ratio (unitless) - Dimensions of all units (tube
diameter, # tubes, hx area, etc.)

.. code:: ipython3

    # Create boiler flowsheet, the main unit models are: 
    # heat exchanger model: economizer, primary super heater, finishing superheater, and reheater
    # heater model: water wall and platen superheater
    
    m = flowsheet.boiler_flowsheet()


.. parsed-literal::

    57072.56349970795
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.ECON.side_1: Initialization Complete
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      254
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       73
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       73
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.06e+07 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 3.62e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 2.13e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    Error in an AMPL evaluation. Run with "halt_on_ampl_error yes" to see details.
    Warning: Cutting back alpha due to evaluation error
       2  0.0000000e+00 6.04e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.20e+01    -  1.00e+00 5.00e-01h  2
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.32e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 6.01e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 7.15e-01 0.00e+00  -2.5 3.45e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 2.07e-03 0.00e+00  -3.8 7.15e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       6  0.0000000e+00 1.46e-11 0.00e+00  -3.8 2.07e-03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 6
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.5651483528870626e-13    1.4551915228366852e-11
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.5651483528870626e-13    1.4551915228366852e-11
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 7
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 7
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 8
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 7
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 6
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.001
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      255
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       74
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       74
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.41e+06 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.46e-11 0.00e+00  -1.0 6.60e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.4530845502388391e-14    1.4551915228366852e-11
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.4530845502388391e-14    1.4551915228366852e-11
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.001
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 5.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 5.00e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.00e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.33e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out State Released.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.ECON.side_2: Initialization Complete
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.ECON Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      393
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      627
    
    Total number of variables............................:      113
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        6
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      113
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 6.52e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 3.19e+08 3.96e+03  -1.0 2.39e+08    -  6.25e-05 2.50e-01f  3
       2  0.0000000e+00 4.70e+05 2.97e+03  -1.0 2.38e+08    -  2.48e-01 2.50e-01h  3
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.38e+06 4.23e-01  -1.0 1.05e+07    -  4.35e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 6.02e-03 4.30e-03  -1.0 8.18e+05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 2.00e-10 4.29e-05  -1.0 2.44e-01    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 5
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   8.2144204475467885e-11    2.0008883439004421e-10
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   8.2144204475467885e-11    2.0008883439004421e-10
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 7
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 6
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 12
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 6
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 5
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.002
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.ECON Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      423
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      651
    
    Total number of variables............................:      118
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:       10
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      118
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 6.40e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 3.78e+03 1.41e+01  -1.0 1.42e+08    -  7.13e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 1.69e+01 2.78e+00  -1.0 1.08e+07    -  9.56e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 4.17e-02 1.75e-02  -1.0 4.79e+05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 3.83e-07 1.22e-06  -1.0 1.46e+03    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    Cannot recompute multipliers for feasibility problem.  Error in eq_mult_calculator
    
    Number of Iterations....: 4
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   7.8280434786870221e-03    7.8280434786870221e-03
    Constraint violation....:   3.0174851417541504e-07    3.8293364923447371e-07
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   3.0174851417541504e-07    7.8280434786870221e-03
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 5
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 5
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 5
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 5
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 4
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.005
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.021
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.ECON Initialisation Step 3 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in State Released.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.ECON Initialisation Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PrSH.side_1: Initialization Complete
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      254
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       73
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       73
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 3.70e+06 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 7.26e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 3.84e+03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 2.12e-01 0.00e+00  -1.0 7.26e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 4.67e-01 0.00e+00  -1.7 1.01e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 2.15e-03 0.00e+00  -3.8 4.67e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -3.8 2.15e-03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 5
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.3877787807814457e-17    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.3877787807814457e-17    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 6
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 6
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 6
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 6
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 5
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.001
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      255
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       74
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       74
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.84e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 4.80e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.3877787807814457e-17    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.3877787807814457e-17    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 5.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 5.00e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.00e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.33e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out State Released.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PrSH.side_2: Initialization Complete
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.PrSH Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      414
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      633
    
    Total number of variables............................:      119
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        6
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      119
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.95e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.09e+08 2.85e+03  -1.0 5.45e+07    -  3.48e-04 1.00e+00f  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 6.95e-01 9.90e-03  -1.0 5.44e+07    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.55e-01 9.89e-05  -1.0 1.63e+02    -  9.90e-01 5.00e-01h  2
       4  0.0000000e+00 3.66e-02 8.91e-07  -1.0 8.14e+01    -  9.91e-01 5.00e-01h  2
       5  0.0000000e+00 2.74e-02 2.61e-02  -1.7 4.07e+01    -  1.00e+00 2.50e-01h  3
       6  0.0000000e+00 2.90e-02 5.10e-19  -3.8 3.05e+01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00H  1
       7  0.0000000e+00 6.82e-12 2.65e-21  -3.8 9.06e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 7
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.7083568939918231e-12    6.8212102632969618e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.7083568939918231e-12    6.8212102632969618e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 21
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 8
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 21
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 8
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 7
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.003
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.PrSH Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      448
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      660
    
    Total number of variables............................:      124
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:       10
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      124
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 7.60e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    Error in an AMPL evaluation. Run with "halt_on_ampl_error yes" to see details.
    Warning: Cutting back alpha due to evaluation error
       1  0.0000000e+00 3.81e+04 3.21e+00  -1.0 7.58e+07    -  3.80e-01 5.00e-01h  2
    Error in an AMPL evaluation. Run with "halt_on_ampl_error yes" to see details.
    Warning: Cutting back alpha due to evaluation error
       2  0.0000000e+00 1.91e+04 2.31e+01  -1.0 2.39e+07    -  7.68e-01 5.00e-01h  2
    Error in an AMPL evaluation. Run with "halt_on_ampl_error yes" to see details.
    Warning: Cutting back alpha due to evaluation error
       3  0.0000000e+00 9.54e+03 6.60e+00  -1.0 6.95e+06    -  9.86e-01 5.00e-01h  2
       4  0.0000000e+00 1.08e+01 2.49e+00  -1.0 2.03e+06    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 1.32e+00 8.16e-02  -1.0 3.66e+05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       6  0.0000000e+00 1.86e-02 7.11e-03  -1.0 5.65e+04    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       7  0.0000000e+00 3.69e-06 3.03e-06  -1.0 8.22e+02    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       8  0.0000000e+00 3.91e-11 9.31e-12  -2.5 1.63e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 8
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.4551915228366852e-11    3.9108272176235914e-11
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.4551915228366852e-11    3.9108272176235914e-11
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 9
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 9
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 12
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 9
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 8
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.005
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.026
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.PrSH Initialisation Step 3 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in State Released.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.PrSH Initialisation Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.FSH.side_1: Initialization Complete
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      254
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       73
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       73
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.05e+07 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 8.14e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 2.13e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 1.97e-01 0.00e+00  -1.0 8.14e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 4.71e-01 0.00e+00  -2.5 1.20e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 2.67e-03 0.00e+00  -3.8 4.71e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -3.8 2.67e-03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 5
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 6
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 6
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 6
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 6
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 5
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.001
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      255
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       74
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       74
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 9.27e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -1.0 4.34e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 5.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 5.00e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.00e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.33e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_out State Released.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.FSH.side_2: Initialization Complete
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.FSH Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      414
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      633
    
    Total number of variables............................:      119
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        6
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      119
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.42e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.25e+08 3.96e+03  -1.0 3.19e+08    -  6.25e-05 2.50e-01f  3
       2  0.0000000e+00 7.87e+05 2.97e+03  -1.0 3.18e+08    -  2.48e-01 2.50e-01h  3
       3  0.0000000e+00 8.55e+06 4.23e-01  -1.0 2.77e+07    -  4.35e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 6.11e-01 4.30e-03  -1.0 4.45e+07    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 3.06e-01 4.29e-05  -1.0 9.10e+02    -  9.90e-01 5.00e-01h  2
       6  0.0000000e+00 1.53e-01 3.29e-07  -1.0 4.55e+02    -  9.92e-01 5.00e-01h  2
       7  0.0000000e+00 7.64e-02 3.13e-03  -1.7 2.27e+02    -  1.00e+00 5.00e-01h  2
       8  0.0000000e+00 1.12e-01 4.91e-20  -2.5 1.14e+02    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00H  1
       9  0.0000000e+00 3.09e-11 5.12e-21  -2.5 7.02e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 9
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2076735170259287e-11    3.0922819860279560e-11
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2076735170259287e-11    3.0922819860279560e-11
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 19
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 10
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 24
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 10
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 9
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.003
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.FSH Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      448
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      660
    
    Total number of variables............................:      124
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:       10
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      124
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.92e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 8.59e+02 1.02e+01  -1.0 1.01e+08    -  6.22e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 7.13e-02 1.70e-01  -1.0 1.46e+06    -  9.88e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 6.19e-08 3.97e-04  -1.0 8.34e+02    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    Cannot recompute multipliers for feasibility problem.  Error in eq_mult_calculator
    
    Number of Iterations....: 3
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   7.8280437180553511e-03    7.8280437180553511e-03
    Constraint violation....:   2.3690517991781235e-08    6.1922037275508046e-08
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.3690517991781235e-08    7.8280437180553511e-03
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 4
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 4
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 4
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 4
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 3
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.005
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.009
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.FSH Initialisation Step 3 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in State Released.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.FSH Initialisation Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:52 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.RH.side_1: Initialization Complete
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      254
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       73
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       73
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.75e+07 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 7.26e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.81e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 2.12e-01 0.00e+00  -1.0 7.26e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 4.67e-01 0.00e+00  -1.7 1.01e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 2.15e-03 0.00e+00  -3.8 4.67e-01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -3.8 2.15e-03    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 5
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.5065532325660729e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.5065532325660729e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 6
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 6
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 6
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 6
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 5
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      255
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      541
    
    Total number of variables............................:       74
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:       74
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.71e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -1.0 4.80e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.5065532325660729e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.5065532325660729e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_in Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 5.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 5.00e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.00e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.33e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_out Initialisation Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_out State Released.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.RH.side_2: Initialization Complete
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.RH Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      414
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      633
    
    Total number of variables............................:      119
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        6
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      119
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.12e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.92e+08 3.36e+03  -1.0 2.57e+08    -  7.36e-05 2.50e-01f  3
       2  0.0000000e+00 1.41e+06 2.52e+03  -1.0 2.57e+08    -  2.48e-01 2.50e-01h  3
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.88e+07 4.23e-01  -1.0 6.38e+07    -  4.35e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 4.72e+00 4.29e-03  -1.0 9.82e+07    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 1.25e+00 4.28e-05  -1.0 4.57e+02    -  9.90e-01 2.50e-01h  3
       6  0.0000000e+00 8.43e-01 3.28e-07  -1.0 6.45e+01    -  9.92e-01 1.25e-01h  4
       7  0.0000000e+00 8.27e-01 3.25e-19  -1.7 5.64e+01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
       8  0.0000000e+00 9.09e-12 1.08e-19  -1.7 3.92e+01    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 8
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   3.6111425253224309e-12    9.0949470177292824e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   3.6111425253224309e-12    9.0949470177292824e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 17
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 9
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 22
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 9
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 8
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.002
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.RH Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    max_iter=100
    
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      448
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:      660
    
    Total number of variables............................:      124
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:       10
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      124
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 4.60e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.32e+04 5.19e+01  -1.0 3.13e+08    -  4.13e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 3.25e+01 8.97e+00  -1.0 2.55e+07    -  9.53e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.43e-02 2.49e-01  -1.0 2.93e+05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 1.24e-10 2.38e-06  -1.0 1.73e+01    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    Cannot recompute multipliers for feasibility problem.  Error in eq_mult_calculator
    
    Number of Iterations....: 4
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   9.2094812767968253e-03    9.2094812767968253e-03
    Constraint violation....:   1.8032392833287644e-11    1.2369127944111824e-10
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.8032392833287644e-11    9.2094812767968253e-03
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 5
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 5
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 5
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 5
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 4
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.006
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.013
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.RH Initialisation Step 3 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.RH.side_2.properties_in State Released.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.power_generation.unit_models.boiler_heat_exchanger: fs.RH Initialisation Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PlSH.control_volume: Initialization Complete
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PlSH: Initialization Step 1 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: ******************************************************************************
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: contain the following acknowledgement:
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: ******************************************************************************
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        4
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Total number of variables............................:        3
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: variables with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: variables with lower and upper bounds:        2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: variables with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Total number of equality constraints.................:        3
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: 0  0.0000000e+00 5.50e+01 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: 1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 8.81e-03  -1.0 2.27e+03    -  9.53e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of Iterations....: 1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.PlSH: EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PlSH: Initialization Step 2 optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.PlSH: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.Water_wall.control_volume: Initialization Complete
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.Water_wall: Initialization Step 1 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Ipopt 3.13.2: tol=1e-06
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: ******************************************************************************
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: contain the following acknowledgement:
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: ******************************************************************************
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        4
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Total number of variables............................:        3
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: variables with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: variables with lower and upper bounds:        2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: variables with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Total number of equality constraints.................:        3
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: 0  0.0000000e+00 7.51e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: 1  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 2.10e+00  -1.0 3.10e+04    -  4.46e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of Iterations....: 1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Water_wall: EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.Water_wall: Initialization Step 2 optimal - Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.Water_wall: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.13e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.57e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 2.13e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.mixed_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.57e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    
    Number of Iterations....: 0
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 1
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 1
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 1
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 1
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 0
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.mixed_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.mixed_state Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.60e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.64e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.60e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.0231175876885583e-14    1.6378010059270309e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.0231175876885583e-14    1.6378010059270309e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_1_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.64e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    
    Number of Iterations....: 0
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.0231175876885583e-14    1.6378010059270309e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.0231175876885583e-14    1.6378010059270309e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 1
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 1
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 1
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 1
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 0
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_1_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_1_state Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.07e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.28e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.07e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    1.2825296380469808e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    1.2825296380469808e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_2_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.28e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    
    Number of Iterations....: 0
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    1.2825296380469808e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    1.2825296380469808e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 1
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 1
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 1
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 1
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 0
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_2_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.outlet_2_state Initialisation Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Ipopt 3.13.2:
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: contain the following acknowledgement:
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      143
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:       72
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Total number of variables............................:       41
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: variables with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: variables with lower and upper bounds:       16
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: variables with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Total number of equality constraints.................:       41
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: 0  0.0000000e+00 2.50e-01 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: 1  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 7.18e-03  -1.0 5.34e+03    -  9.86e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of Iterations....: 1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Constraint violation....:   4.2611404953623242e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Overall NLP error.......:   4.2611404953623242e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.Spl1: 
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.Spl1: Initialization Step 2 Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.Spl1.mixed_state State Released.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.13e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.57e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 2.13e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.Reheat_out_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.37e+06 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -1.0 6.43e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.Reheat_out_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.Reheat_out_state Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 2.13e+04 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 2.57e-12 0.00e+00  -1.0 2.13e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.2017747803326553e-14    2.5650592760939617e-12
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.PrSH_out_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.37e+06 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.55e-13 0.00e+00  -1.0 6.43e+04    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   2.1305702476811617e-15    4.5474735088646412e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.PrSH_out_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.PrSH_out_state Initialisation Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        8
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        8
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 5.00e+00 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 4.44e-16 0.00e+00  -1.0 5.00e+00    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   4.4408920985006262e-16    4.4408920985006262e-16
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.mixed_state Initialisation Step 1 Complete.
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        9
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        0
    
    Total number of variables............................:        9
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:        0
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:        9
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 8.01e+02 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.14e-13 0.00e+00  -1.0 1.33e+05    -  1.00e+00 1.00e+00h  1
    
    Number of Iterations....: 1
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Constraint violation....:   1.1368683772161603e-13    1.1368683772161603e-13
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   1.1368683772161603e-13    1.1368683772161603e-13
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 2
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 2
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 2
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 2
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 1
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.mixed_state Initialisation Step 2 Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.mixed_state Initialisation Complete.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Ipopt 3.13.2:
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: contain the following acknowledgement:
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:      102
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:       50
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Total number of variables............................:       37
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: variables with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: variables with lower and upper bounds:        8
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: variables with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Total number of equality constraints.................:       37
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 0  0.0000000e+00 1.00e+05 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 1  0.0000000e+00 1.00e+05 1.08e+03  -1.0 4.92e+08    -  3.13e-05 6.41e-04h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 2  0.0000000e+00 9.99e+04 9.89e+03  -1.0 3.15e+08    -  1.11e-05 1.43e-03f  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 3  0.0000000e+00 9.94e+04 1.43e+04  -1.0 9.22e+07    -  5.64e-05 5.63e-03h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 4  0.0000000e+00 2.14e+05 1.27e+04  -1.0 4.03e+07    -  1.40e-04 1.40e-02h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 5  0.0000000e+00 1.17e+06 1.19e+04  -1.0 1.15e+07    -  5.56e-04 5.56e-02h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 6  0.0000000e+00 2.48e+06 1.07e+04  -1.0 5.11e+06    -  1.51e-03 1.36e-01h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 7  0.0000000e+00 1.18e+07 5.22e+03  -1.0 1.51e+06    -  9.70e-03 5.17e-01h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 8  0.0000000e+00 1.22e+07 8.29e+02  -1.0 7.76e+05    -  6.08e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 9  0.0000000e+00 2.18e+04 4.75e+01  -1.0 2.99e+05    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 10  0.0000000e+00 4.23e+01 1.83e-01  -1.0 1.48e+01    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 11  0.0000000e+00 1.62e-04 1.72e-06  -1.0 2.88e-02    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 12  0.0000000e+00 1.56e-10 1.90e-09  -1.0 1.10e-07    -  9.95e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of Iterations....: 12
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Constraint violation....:   6.2087747449159047e-11    1.5643308870494363e-10
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Overall NLP error.......:   6.2087747449159047e-11    1.5643308870494363e-10
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of objective function evaluations             = 13
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 13
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 13
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 13
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 12
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.001
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.mix1: 
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.mix1: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.Reheat_out_state State Released.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.unit_model.properties: fs.mix1.PrSH_out_state State Released.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Ipopt 3.13.2:
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: contain the following acknowledgement:
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: ******************************************************************************
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:        8
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:        2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Total number of variables............................:        5
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: variables with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: variables with lower and upper bounds:        2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: variables with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Total number of equality constraints.................:        5
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: 0  0.0000000e+00 2.49e+07 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: 1  0.0000000e+00 2.24e-08 6.74e-01  -1.0 2.49e+07    -  6.76e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: 2  0.0000000e+00 0.00e+00 5.51e-03  -1.0 2.24e-08    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00   0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of Iterations....: 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Dual infeasibility......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Constraint violation....:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Overall NLP error.......:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of objective function evaluations             = 3
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 3
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 3
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 3
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 2
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.000
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.000
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [DEBUG] idaes.solve.fs.ATMP1: 
    2020-08-07 15:10:53 [INFO] idaes.init.fs.ATMP1: Initialization Complete: optimal - Optimal Solution Found
    initialization done
    Ipopt 3.13.2: 
    
    ******************************************************************************
    This program contains Ipopt, a library for large-scale nonlinear optimization.
     Ipopt is released as open source code under the Eclipse Public License (EPL).
             For more information visit http://projects.coin-or.org/Ipopt
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled from source code available at
        https://github.com/IDAES/Ipopt as part of the Institute for the Design of
        Advanced Energy Systems Process Systems Engineering Framework (IDAES PSE
        Framework) Copyright (c) 2018-2019. See https://github.com/IDAES/idaes-pse.
    
    This version of Ipopt was compiled using HSL, a collection of Fortran codes
        for large-scale scientific computation.  All technical papers, sales and
        publicity material resulting from use of the HSL codes within IPOPT must
        contain the following acknowledgement:
            HSL, a collection of Fortran codes for large-scale scientific
            computation. See http://www.hsl.rl.ac.uk.
    ******************************************************************************
    
    This is Ipopt version 3.13.2, running with linear solver ma27.
    
    Number of nonzeros in equality constraint Jacobian...:     2732
    Number of nonzeros in inequality constraint Jacobian.:        0
    Number of nonzeros in Lagrangian Hessian.............:     3151
    
    Total number of variables............................:      642
                         variables with only lower bounds:        0
                    variables with lower and upper bounds:      128
                         variables with only upper bounds:        0
    Total number of equality constraints.................:      642
    Total number of inequality constraints...............:        0
            inequality constraints with only lower bounds:        0
       inequality constraints with lower and upper bounds:        0
            inequality constraints with only upper bounds:        0
    
    iter    objective    inf_pr   inf_du lg(mu)  ||d||  lg(rg) alpha_du alpha_pr  ls
       0  0.0000000e+00 1.44e+06 0.00e+00  -1.0 0.00e+00    -  0.00e+00 0.00e+00   0
       1  0.0000000e+00 1.77e+03 1.39e+06  -1.0 2.77e+07    -  7.13e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       2  0.0000000e+00 3.23e+00 6.16e+04  -1.0 6.67e+05    -  9.70e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       3  0.0000000e+00 1.23e-04 2.45e+01  -1.0 1.64e+04    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       4  0.0000000e+00 7.45e-08 1.65e-06  -1.0 8.46e+00    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
       5  0.0000000e+00 5.91e-10 1.63e-08  -1.0 3.40e-06    -  9.90e-01 1.00e+00h  1
    Cannot recompute multipliers for feasibility problem.  Error in eq_mult_calculator
    
    Number of Iterations....: 5
    
                                       (scaled)                 (unscaled)
    Objective...............:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Dual infeasibility......:   3.1312476275258287e-02    3.1312476275258287e-02
    Constraint violation....:   8.1478533960276609e-11    5.9117155615240335e-10
    Complementarity.........:   0.0000000000000000e+00    0.0000000000000000e+00
    Overall NLP error.......:   8.1478533960276609e-11    3.1312476275258287e-02
    
    
    Number of objective function evaluations             = 6
    Number of objective gradient evaluations             = 6
    Number of equality constraint evaluations            = 6
    Number of inequality constraint evaluations          = 0
    Number of equality constraint Jacobian evaluations   = 6
    Number of inequality constraint Jacobian evaluations = 0
    Number of Lagrangian Hessian evaluations             = 5
    Total CPU secs in IPOPT (w/o function evaluations)   =      0.029
    Total CPU secs in NLP function evaluations           =      0.088
    
    EXIT: Optimal Solution Found.
    
    Problem: 
    - Lower bound: -inf
      Upper bound: inf
      Number of objectives: 1
      Number of constraints: 642
      Number of variables: 642
      Sense: unknown
    Solver: 
    - Status: ok
      Message: Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Optimal Solution Found
      Termination condition: optimal
      Id: 0
      Error rc: 0
      Time: 0.13265180587768555
    Solution: 
    - number of solutions: 0
      number of solutions displayed: 0
    
    degrees of freedom = 0


3. Simplify to Mass and Energy Balances
---------------------------------------

For data reconciliation, the flowsheet model should be reduced to mass
and energy balances and potentially limited performance constraints to
keep the results feasible.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Deactivate constraints for heat transfer (for all heat exchanger units)
    # for example to deactivate heat trasnfer calculation in the economizer we include:
    # m.fs.ECON.overall_heat_transfer_coefficient_eqn.deactivate()
    
    # The method "deactivate_performance_constraints" deactivates the equations for all 
    # heat exchangers in this flowsheet (Economizer, Primary Superheater, 
    #                                    Finishing Superheater, Reheater)
    flowsheet.deactivate_performance_constraints(m)
    
    # Now the model has 12 DoF 
    # deltaP shell and tube, and U - overall heat transfer coefficient in 4 hx models


.. parsed-literal::

    degrees of freedom = 12


4. Map Data to the Model
------------------------

Although the model mapping can be added to the tag metadata file, here
we just add the mapping information to the tag metadata after reading
the data.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Water/Steam Measurements ----------------------------------------------- #
    # Economizer inputs
    df_meta["BFW_F"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_in[:].flow_mol"
    df_meta["BFW_T"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta["BFW_P"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Economizer outputs
    df_meta["ECON_OUT_T"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta["ECON_OUT_P"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    # Reheater inputs 
    df_meta['RHT_COLD_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta['RHT_COLD_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_in[:].pressure"
    df_meta['RHT_COLD_F']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_in[:].flow_mol"
    
    # Reheater outputs 
    df_meta['RHT_HOT_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta['RHT_HOT_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    # primary SH outlet
    df_meta['PlatenSH_IN_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_1.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    # Platen SH outlet inlet to Finishing SH
    df_meta['FSH_In_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_1.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Finishing SH outlet ----------------------------------------------------- #
    # Main Steam 
    df_meta['MS_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ATMP1.mixed_state[:].temperature"
    df_meta['MS_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ATMP1.mixed_state[:].pressure"
    df_meta['MS_F']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ATMP1.mixed_state[:].flow_mol"
    
    # Flue Gas measurements
    # Finishing inputs
    df_meta['FG_2_FSH_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_2_FSH_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_2_FSH_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Reheater inputs
    df_meta['FG_2_RH_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_2_RH_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Primary SH inputs
    df_meta['FG_2_PrSH_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_2_PrSH_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_2_PrSH_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Economizer inputs
    df_meta["FG_2_ECON_P"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    # Economizer outputs
    df_meta["FG_2_AIRPH_T"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta["FG_2_AIRPH_P"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    # --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- #
    # Other inputs available in the data set (but not used as measurements in this study)
    df_meta["ECON_OUT_F"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_out[:].flow_mol"
    df_meta['RHT_HOT_F']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_out[:].flow_mol"
    df_meta['FG_2_RH_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_in[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta["FG_2_ECON_Fm"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta["FG_2_ECON_T"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta["FG_2_AIRPH_Fm"]["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].flow_mass"
    
    df_meta['FG_RH_2_Mix_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_out[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_RH_2_Mix_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_RH_2_Mix_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.RH.side_2.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    df_meta['FG_PrSH_2_Mix_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_PrSH_2_Mix_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_PrSH_2_Mix_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.PrSH.side_2.properties_out[:].pressure"
    
    df_meta['FG_2_ECON_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_2_ECON_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_2_ECON_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure"
    
    df_meta['FG_2_AIRPH_Fm']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].flow_mass"
    df_meta['FG_2_AIRPH_T']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].temperature"
    df_meta['FG_2_AIRPH_P']["reference_string"] = "m.fs.ECON.side_2.properties_out[:].pressure"

.. code:: ipython3

    # Add the model references to the tag metadata based on the strings above.
    da.upadate_metadata_model_references(m, df_meta)

.. code:: ipython3

    # Create a dictionary of data tags that we want to use for the data reconciliation problem.  
    # The key is the tag and the value is a reference to a quantity in the model.  
    data_tags = {k:v["reference"][0] for k, v in df_meta.items() if v["reference"] is not None}

.. code:: ipython3

    # The output from the data reconciliation step usually gives full stream information
    # for a flowsheet including quantities that are unmeasured. To use the results more easily, 
    # it is good practice to map most of the data reconciliation results to flowsheet stream names.
    import idaes.core.util.tables as ta
    
    stream_dict = ta.arcs_to_stream_dict(
        m, 
        additional={
            'MS': m.fs.ATMP1.mixed_state,
            'ATMP_In': m.fs.FSH.side_1.properties_out,
            'FSH_In': m.fs.FSH.side_1.properties_in,
            'PrSH_IN': m.fs.PrSH.side_1.properties_in,
            'RHT_COLD': m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_in,
            'RHT_HOT': m.fs.RH.side_1.properties_out,
            'PlatenSH_IN': m.fs.PlSH.control_volume.properties_in,
            'BFW': m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_in,
            'ECON_OUT': m.fs.ECON.side_1.properties_out,
            'FG_2_FSH': m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in,
        },
        sort=True,
    )
    
    state_dict = ta.stream_states_dict(stream_dict, time_point=0)
    recon_tags = ta.tag_state_quantities(
        blocks=state_dict, 
        attributes=(
            "flow_mass", 
            "flow_mol", 
            "enth_mol", 
            "temperature", 
            "pressure", 
            ("flow_component", "O2"),
            ("flow_component", "NO"),
            ("flow_component", "N2"),
            ("flow_component", "SO2"),
            ("flow_component", "CO2"),
            ("flow_component", "H2O"),
        ), 
        labels=("_Fm", "_F", "_h", "_T", "_P", "_F[O2]", "_F[NO]", "_F[N2]", "_F[SO2]", "_F[CO2]", "_F[H2O]"),
    )
    # add additional model variables
    recon_tags["coal_flow"] = m.fs.coal_flow
    recon_tags["stoich_ratio"] = m.fs.SR

5. View Model Flowsheet
-----------------------

Model results or other quantities can be added to a process flow
diagram. The PFD was drawn beforehand and the model results are added to
tagged locations on the PFD.

.. code:: ipython3

    from idaes.core.util.misc import svg_tag  # utility to place numbers/text in an SVG
    
    with open("Boiler_scpc_PFD.svg", "r") as f:
        s = svg_tag(svg=f, tags={"subtitle":"Initialized Model"})
        s = svg_tag(svg=s, tags=data_tags, outfile="boiler_scpc_init.svg")

.. code:: ipython3

    from IPython.display import SVG, display
    
    display(SVG(s))



.. image:: output_20_0.svg


6. Write Objective
------------------

Next we write the objective function and additional constraints for the
data reconciliation problem. The objective is

.. math:: \min \sum_i \left(\frac{x_{\text{data}, i} - x_{\text{model}, i}}{\sigma_i} \right)^2

Where :math:`i \in \{\text{Measured Quantities}\}` and :math:`\sigma_i`
is the standard deviation of measurement i estimated by binning the
data.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Add model parameters to contain measured data.  These are mutable so we can set a specific 
    # change to specific data points later.
    m.data = pyo.Param(data_tags, mutable=True, doc="Process data for a specific point in time.")
    m.data_stdev = pyo.Param(data_tags, mutable=True, doc="Process data standard deviation.")

.. code:: ipython3

    # The 'set_data' function below takes data from the model DataFrame and updates the
    # model data parameters.
    # fix tags dictionary is used to fix model inputs to their values in the data set (for each data point)
    # in this case Boiler Feed Water = inlet to economizer and Reheater Cold = Reheater inlet
    def set_data(m, df, data_tags, index=None, indexindex=None):
        if index is None:
            index = df.index[indexindex]
        m.bin_no = df.iloc[index]["bin_no"]
        for t in data_tags:
            m.data[t] = df.iloc[index][t]
            m.data_stdev[t] = bin_stdev[m.bin_no][t]

.. code:: ipython3

    # So we have something reasonable to start, set the data attached to the model to the first 
    # data point.
    set_data(m, df, data_tags, indexindex=0)

Add an expression for error divided by the standard deviation, and use
it to write the data reconciliation objective function.

.. code:: ipython3

    m.tags_obj = [
        'BFW_F', 
        'BFW_T', 
        'BFW_P',        
        "RHT_COLD_F", 
        "RHT_COLD_T", 
        "RHT_COLD_P",
        "ECON_OUT_T",
        "ECON_OUT_P",
        "RHT_HOT_T",
        "RHT_HOT_P",
        "MS_T", 
        "MS_P", 
        "FG_2_ECON_P",
        "FG_2_AIRPH_T",
        "FG_2_AIRPH_P",
        "FG_RH_2_Mix_T",
        "FG_RH_2_Mix_P",
        "FG_RH_2_Mix_Fm",
        "FG_2_FSH_P",
        "FG_2_FSH_T",
        "FG_PrSH_2_Mix_T",
        "FG_PrSH_2_Mix_P",
        "FG_PrSH_2_Mix_Fm",
    ]
    
    @m.Expression(data_tags)
    def err(m, i):
        return (m.data[i] - data_tags[i])/m.data_stdev[i]
    
    m.objective = pyo.Objective(expr=sum(m.err[t]**2 for t in m.tags_obj))

7. Solve Optimization
---------------------

Now we need to solve the data reconciliation problem for every data
point. The important results are stored in two DataFrames ``df_result``
which contains results tagged based on model stream names to be used in
the parameter estimation step and ``df_result_cmp`` which contains
reconciled data based on the original measurement tags and can be used
to compare the original measurements to the reconciled results.

.. code:: ipython3

    # Add constraints or fix variable bounds to ensure reasonable flowsheet performance (i.e. LMTD, negative pressure drop, etc.).
    # In this case, before solving the data reconciliation problem
    # unfix the coal flowarate, stoichiometric ratio, and split fraction (flue gas to Reheater)
    
    # Surrogate models have been trained using a rigorous boiler fire side model 
    # with fixed wall temperature and variable fuel flowrate and stoichiometric ratio.
    m.fs.coal_flow.unfix()
    m.fs.coal_flow.setub(70.0)
    m.fs.coal_flow.setlb(30.0)
    m.fs.SR.unfix() # stoichiometric ratio 
    m.fs.Spl1.split_fraction[0,'outlet_1'].unfix()
    
    # Surrogate models are used for Flue Gas Exit Temperature, flue gas component molar flowrate,
    # and heat duty to the platen superheater and water wall
    m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[:].temperature.unfix()
    m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[:].pressure.fix()
    m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[0].temperature.setub(1800)
    m.fs.FSH.side_2.properties_in[0].temperature.setlb(1200)
    
    # unfix flowsheet inlets
    m.fs.ECON.side_1_inlet.unfix()
    m.fs.RH.side_1_inlet.unfix()

.. code:: ipython3

    solver = pyo.SolverFactory('ipopt')
    solver.options = {'tol': 1e-6,
                       'halt_on_ampl_error': 'no',
                       'max_iter': 250}

.. code:: ipython3

    import pandas as pd
    # add bin information to reconciliation results so it can be used in parameter estimation
    df_result = pd.DataFrame(columns=list(recon_tags.keys())+["termination", "bin_no", "bin_power"], index=df.index)
    df_result_cmp = pd.DataFrame(columns=list(data_tags.keys())+["termination"], index=df.index)
    
    for i in df.index:
        set_data(m, df, data_tags, index=i)
        try:
            res = solver.solve(m)
            tc = str(res.solver.termination_condition)
        except:
            tc = "fail"
        df_result.iloc[i]["termination"] = tc
        df_result.iloc[i]["bin_no"] = df.iloc[i]["bin_no"]
        df_result.iloc[i]["bin_power"] = df.iloc[i]["bin_power"]
        df_result_cmp.iloc[i]["termination"] = tc
        for t in recon_tags:
            df_result.iloc[i][t] = pyo.value(recon_tags[t])
        for t in data_tags:
            df_result_cmp.iloc[i][t] = pyo.value(data_tags[t])
        print(f"{i} -- {tc}, objective: {pyo.value(m.objective)}")


.. parsed-literal::

    0 -- optimal, objective: 2.7750812519811103
    1 -- optimal, objective: 10.131015154079112
    2 -- optimal, objective: 3.279065137685242
    3 -- optimal, objective: 6.343269232753176
    4 -- optimal, objective: 7.249067752477161
    5 -- optimal, objective: 4.076165913064194
    6 -- optimal, objective: 1.671309849543935
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    7 -- maxIterations, objective: 3.6645579370145267
    8 -- optimal, objective: 3.521531537974103
    9 -- optimal, objective: 5.549160910797
    10 -- optimal, objective: 3.666541015306123
    11 -- optimal, objective: 4.953082754081167
    12 -- optimal, objective: 8.65322993157438
    13 -- optimal, objective: 5.299501376165541
    14 -- optimal, objective: 0.8936382923990679
    15 -- optimal, objective: 6.897728164905955
    16 -- optimal, objective: 4.2006486487780625
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    17 -- maxIterations, objective: 6.155023898176358
    18 -- optimal, objective: 1.8783457832529453
    19 -- optimal, objective: 3.15428278637647
    20 -- optimal, objective: 7.56510519321484
    21 -- optimal, objective: 2.6697543127162735
    22 -- optimal, objective: 3.1338483964545873
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    23 -- maxIterations, objective: 16.118564072737264
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    24 -- maxIterations, objective: 2.6815338301048435
    25 -- optimal, objective: 4.471177420343442
    26 -- optimal, objective: 7.894527837978088
    27 -- optimal, objective: 3.1785709938867805
    28 -- optimal, objective: 3.4129674886535253
    29 -- optimal, objective: 1.0524261811664817
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    30 -- maxIterations, objective: 5.522628086971082
    31 -- optimal, objective: 11.043308273485207
    32 -- optimal, objective: 6.803909276407475
    33 -- optimal, objective: 6.456381544524358
    34 -- optimal, objective: 3.3158954491747816
    35 -- optimal, objective: 6.344425605354752
    36 -- optimal, objective: 4.922952295484411
    37 -- optimal, objective: 10.306054712626823
    38 -- optimal, objective: 4.873238914938859
    39 -- optimal, objective: 7.54071279877213
    40 -- optimal, objective: 4.427537650179601
    41 -- optimal, objective: 4.636057197725285
    42 -- optimal, objective: 9.17628955124925
    43 -- optimal, objective: 0.8486599649487838
    44 -- optimal, objective: 12.313700953807949
    45 -- optimal, objective: 8.098459231848064
    46 -- optimal, objective: 5.467897325547072
    47 -- optimal, objective: 8.005766650467205
    48 -- optimal, objective: 6.68575049973819
    49 -- optimal, objective: 3.5276273704628007
    50 -- optimal, objective: 1.9169511347343882
    51 -- optimal, objective: 2.6811314746007207
    52 -- optimal, objective: 6.832258054192255
    53 -- optimal, objective: 5.997874607982802
    54 -- optimal, objective: 6.278923923371512
    55 -- optimal, objective: 9.059182889676016
    56 -- optimal, objective: 4.583684829910319
    57 -- optimal, objective: 2.674567647716301
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    58 -- maxIterations, objective: 11.002509459472915
    59 -- optimal, objective: 3.2253937510909165
    60 -- optimal, objective: 8.511288672931624
    61 -- optimal, objective: 3.792315733751045
    62 -- optimal, objective: 4.727558433355508
    63 -- optimal, objective: 5.236129528031948
    64 -- optimal, objective: 3.9666790377668613
    65 -- optimal, objective: 8.91188352844584
    66 -- optimal, objective: 7.484291736859808
    67 -- optimal, objective: 3.928712512946488
    68 -- optimal, objective: 3.9165453354993423
    69 -- optimal, objective: 3.9098576179084317
    70 -- optimal, objective: 3.2313226476979655
    71 -- optimal, objective: 7.450407497268574
    72 -- optimal, objective: 2.918461856687051
    73 -- optimal, objective: 3.9587953252952577
    74 -- optimal, objective: 4.797001176950673
    75 -- optimal, objective: 8.885676857597097
    76 -- optimal, objective: 3.750534125681756
    77 -- optimal, objective: 10.559063510146936
    78 -- optimal, objective: 5.115742653065026
    79 -- optimal, objective: 12.87921933795321
    80 -- optimal, objective: 1.0258089987176318
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    81 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.419570779681385
    82 -- optimal, objective: 0.9853592724708666
    83 -- optimal, objective: 4.442524672939935
    84 -- optimal, objective: 5.650441577055443
    85 -- optimal, objective: 2.2614295253751378
    86 -- optimal, objective: 4.746285003733325
    87 -- optimal, objective: 6.529646000557103
    88 -- optimal, objective: 5.394823560543893
    89 -- optimal, objective: 4.488330282590712
    90 -- optimal, objective: 3.7339169975244353
    91 -- optimal, objective: 8.750442894203054
    92 -- optimal, objective: 3.3172898308218692
    93 -- optimal, objective: 9.35101036174539
    94 -- optimal, objective: 5.209787079692522
    95 -- optimal, objective: 2.774439204150673
    96 -- optimal, objective: 9.12952166337605
    97 -- optimal, objective: 9.655791729065374
    98 -- optimal, objective: 2.707785763171084
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    99 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.386215892749516
    100 -- optimal, objective: 5.672265310279651
    101 -- optimal, objective: 1.1522129964523375
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    102 -- maxIterations, objective: 0.4273696596228455
    103 -- optimal, objective: 8.692079536791196
    104 -- optimal, objective: 5.989037353272785
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    105 -- maxIterations, objective: 7.941549433126244
    106 -- optimal, objective: 11.752050452648195
    107 -- optimal, objective: 4.633947275832354
    108 -- optimal, objective: 6.775598716856839
    109 -- optimal, objective: 1.9536334886331843
    110 -- optimal, objective: 6.7557696903060265
    111 -- optimal, objective: 11.895582374786521
    112 -- optimal, objective: 4.0507857083647725
    113 -- optimal, objective: 7.3636595303847745
    114 -- optimal, objective: 6.043581949261514
    115 -- optimal, objective: 3.6188525909221374
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    116 -- maxIterations, objective: 2.494826175136034
    117 -- optimal, objective: 6.749596981252314
    118 -- optimal, objective: 3.1692009125318266
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    119 -- maxIterations, objective: 3.750640891837117
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    120 -- maxIterations, objective: 2.6316435267927014
    121 -- optimal, objective: 1.9913928220840331
    122 -- optimal, objective: 7.24705834036905
    123 -- optimal, objective: 6.044438320964942
    124 -- optimal, objective: 7.4999455262426435
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    125 -- maxIterations, objective: 8.207046441922964
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    126 -- maxIterations, objective: 5.539853560834814
    127 -- optimal, objective: 3.959236141655062
    128 -- optimal, objective: 2.7005777703256566
    129 -- optimal, objective: 2.518412877413114
    130 -- optimal, objective: 4.801277505172102
    131 -- optimal, objective: 11.062857177287679
    132 -- optimal, objective: 5.698987739764912
    133 -- optimal, objective: 9.165462885659824
    134 -- optimal, objective: 5.69231152138338
    135 -- optimal, objective: 6.930401310593471
    136 -- optimal, objective: 2.030890962475087
    137 -- optimal, objective: 9.955440886384952
    138 -- optimal, objective: 2.234594464759821
    139 -- optimal, objective: 9.774055419899499
    140 -- optimal, objective: 0.5556672869827467
    141 -- optimal, objective: 2.8738058217126654
    142 -- optimal, objective: 3.0313855133356
    143 -- optimal, objective: 7.841876451755609
    144 -- optimal, objective: 11.989408784106772
    145 -- optimal, objective: 4.2067097039998265
    146 -- optimal, objective: 4.838212082213348
    147 -- optimal, objective: 7.0391349488722605
    148 -- optimal, objective: 7.2892959667345805
    149 -- optimal, objective: 6.498069661822767
    150 -- optimal, objective: 6.303084722756346
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    151 -- maxIterations, objective: 9.973685281384407
    152 -- optimal, objective: 1.673745882426868
    153 -- optimal, objective: 1.9161581263070593
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    154 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.350270552500125
    155 -- optimal, objective: 10.907536357910255
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    156 -- maxIterations, objective: 6.366896268845291
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    157 -- maxIterations, objective: 8.278226259023608
    158 -- optimal, objective: 3.2508627930264704
    159 -- optimal, objective: 4.993845278861101
    160 -- optimal, objective: 8.11098338461935
    161 -- optimal, objective: 2.763400563057114
    162 -- optimal, objective: 2.9721736788787236
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    163 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.27068088577576
    164 -- optimal, objective: 7.963065606448826
    165 -- optimal, objective: 7.697839021236161
    166 -- optimal, objective: 4.334290244983875
    167 -- optimal, objective: 8.492619261617586
    168 -- optimal, objective: 5.430775508584061
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    169 -- maxIterations, objective: 1.917627393468807
    170 -- optimal, objective: 2.91365522667504
    171 -- optimal, objective: 7.37958592993435
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    172 -- maxIterations, objective: 15.238521317780984
    173 -- optimal, objective: 4.049388795524487
    174 -- optimal, objective: 3.786648559038637
    175 -- optimal, objective: 5.625475095635195
    176 -- optimal, objective: 8.219939790646624
    177 -- optimal, objective: 8.792054186740756
    178 -- optimal, objective: 1.1375079857876262
    179 -- optimal, objective: 5.64496946264917
    180 -- optimal, objective: 4.020180126574477
    181 -- optimal, objective: 4.089574003457383
    182 -- optimal, objective: 3.7583038925382306
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    183 -- maxIterations, objective: 17.554975307165126
    184 -- optimal, objective: 7.4895268061567775
    185 -- optimal, objective: 2.2893349927155993
    186 -- optimal, objective: 2.117404138080003
    187 -- optimal, objective: 5.369846747662066
    188 -- optimal, objective: 8.098272210970093
    189 -- optimal, objective: 3.9772884054935265
    190 -- optimal, objective: 4.631123894380149
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    191 -- maxIterations, objective: 10.31058846045117
    192 -- optimal, objective: 6.981699022338255
    193 -- optimal, objective: 10.469635229099106
    194 -- optimal, objective: 13.229100675415957
    195 -- optimal, objective: 2.826234803273398
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    196 -- maxIterations, objective: 3.770721835878644
    197 -- optimal, objective: 5.850247554874935
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    198 -- maxIterations, objective: 5.465419467297562
    199 -- optimal, objective: 4.897141929613139
    200 -- optimal, objective: 2.648473643442451
    201 -- optimal, objective: 4.6031759727813615
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    202 -- maxIterations, objective: 1.8385393367334233
    203 -- optimal, objective: 4.065211944066509
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    204 -- maxIterations, objective: 5.114198112243363
    205 -- optimal, objective: 2.293148399593645
    206 -- optimal, objective: 4.826361494294868
    207 -- optimal, objective: 8.563225132071201
    208 -- optimal, objective: 7.369301642309627
    209 -- optimal, objective: 2.2622347230429973
    210 -- optimal, objective: 11.159910231023373
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    211 -- maxIterations, objective: 6.50884795321218
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    212 -- maxIterations, objective: 0.925886098325949
    213 -- optimal, objective: 3.7258933639464455
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    214 -- maxIterations, objective: 5.383085610510318
    215 -- optimal, objective: 6.906494170573464
    216 -- optimal, objective: 4.715797745197758
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    217 -- maxIterations, objective: 3.416148193701394
    218 -- optimal, objective: 5.728540309444342
    219 -- optimal, objective: 10.847580457188329
    220 -- optimal, objective: 6.349470436475801
    221 -- optimal, objective: 2.5685764535496154
    222 -- optimal, objective: 3.8343472787827966
    223 -- optimal, objective: 4.231815717782031
    224 -- optimal, objective: 4.4701360812856485
    225 -- optimal, objective: 1.2389971273429525
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    226 -- maxIterations, objective: 6.349324625175726
    227 -- optimal, objective: 6.058089220748638
    228 -- optimal, objective: 9.228687052448397
    229 -- optimal, objective: 8.420290658575402
    230 -- optimal, objective: 4.219724893588444
    231 -- optimal, objective: 5.662586186917923
    232 -- optimal, objective: 7.287430396112109
    233 -- optimal, objective: 1.146142566854483
    234 -- optimal, objective: 8.470506068922608
    235 -- optimal, objective: 4.8118389447263175
    236 -- optimal, objective: 6.16379584773632
    237 -- optimal, objective: 11.57529469334919
    238 -- optimal, objective: 3.599343973351527
    239 -- optimal, objective: 3.7156823562664107
    240 -- optimal, objective: 10.942381920167527
    241 -- optimal, objective: 2.5119199230195877
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    242 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.495815444114517
    243 -- optimal, objective: 4.8248688860308775
    244 -- optimal, objective: 9.584499548448578
    245 -- optimal, objective: 8.615749763877332
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    246 -- maxIterations, objective: 5.4189778535816835
    247 -- optimal, objective: 3.599735320172616
    WARNING: Loading a SolverResults object with a warning status into
        model=unknown;
            message from solver=Ipopt 3.13.2\x3a Maximum Number of Iterations
            Exceeded.
    248 -- maxIterations, objective: 4.5929119228531174
    249 -- optimal, objective: 10.138714434404553


.. code:: ipython3

    # Save the reconciled data to be used for parameter estimation
    df_result.to_csv("boiler_plant_recon.csv")

.. code:: ipython3

    # Create a new plot book to compare the original data to the reconciled data.
    try:
        da.data_rec_plot_book(
            file="boiler_data_rec_plot_book.pdf",
            df_data=df, 
            df_rec=df_result_cmp,
            bin_nom="bin_power", 
            xlabel="gross power (W)", 
            metadata=df_meta
        )
    except:
        print("Plotting failed")


.. parsed-literal::

    Plotting data requires the 'seaborn' and 'PyPDF2' packages. Install the required packages before using the data_book() function. Plot terminated.


.. code:: ipython3

    # assert algorithm works fine
    assert df_result.iloc[1]["termination"] == "optimal"

